# Setting up SSO using LTPA {#enabling_sso_ltpa .task}

You can implement SSO into your environment using Lightweight Third Party Authentication \(LTPA\) which requires LTPA keys.

If you connecting to a HCL Connections server, the LTPA keys is generated by Connections. For other implementations, you'll need to generate the LTPA keys. It doesn't matter whether Sametime is running in Docker or Kubernetes, you can use the process is the same to generate the keys.

To complete the SSO connections, the LTPA keys must be configured in Docker or Kubernetes where Sametime is running. The process to configure LTPA on Docker and Kubernetes is different.

-   **[Generating LTPA keys](ltpa_generate_key.md)**  
Lightweight Third Party Authentication \(LTPA\) uses keys to encrypt and decrypt data being passed.
-   **[Configuring LTPA in Docker or Podman](ltpa_configure_docker.md)**  
This topic includes the steps to configure LTPA keys on Docker.
-   **[Configuring LTPA in Kubernetes](ltpa_configure_kubernetes.md)**  
This topic includes the steps to configure LTPA keys on Kubernetes.
-   **[Integrating with HCL Connections](ltpa_configure_connections.md)**  
You can integrate Sametime to enable chat services in HCL Connections.
-   **[Integrating Sametime with HCL Domino](ltpa_configure_domino.md)**  
This topic includes the procedure to enable LTPA when Sametime is integrated with the Domino server for use with web based mail, Verse and iNotes.
-   **[Configuring the LTPA token expiry interval on Docker or Podman](t_configure_ltpa_duration_docker.md)**  
LTPA tokens expire by design. In the process of enabling LTPA, you can define the amount of time after which a token expires in minutes. When necessary, you can update the token expiration interval again after the value has been defined during enablement.
-   **[Configuring the LTPA token expiry interval on Kubernetes](t_configure_ltpa_duration_k8s.md)**  
LTPA tokens expire by design. In the process of enabling LTPA, you can define the amount of time after which a token expires in minutes. When necessary, you can update the token expiration interval again after the value has been defined during enablement.

**Parent Topic:  **[Enabling Single Sign-on](enabling_sso.md)

