# Integrating with HCL Connections {#ltpa_configure_connections .task}

You can integrate Sametime to enable chat services in HCL Connections.

Sametime and Connections must share a common directory.

If you are enabling the HCL Connections Profiles Photo URLs in your Sametime business card configuration, single sign on \(SSO\) might be required for Sametime to access the URLs.

When integrating with Connections, the LTPA key is generated by HCL Connections. To integrate with Sametime, you need to complete the steps in this topic on the Connections server and then complete the configuration on environment which Sametime is running: Docker or Kubernetes.

1.  For SPNEGO and KERBEROS enabled environments, find the realm name.

    This step is not needed if not using SPNEGO and KERBEROS.

    1.  Log into the WebSphere Application Server Integrated Solutions Console on the Deployment Manager.

    2.  Click **Security** \> **Global security**.

    3.  Click **Configure** …

    4.  On the Federated Repositories page, the Realm Name field contains the name.

2.  Locating the domain name.

    1.  Click **Security** \> **Global security**.

    2.  In the **Authentication mechanisms and expiration** area, expand **Web and SIP security** and select **Single sign-on \(SSO\)**.

    3.  The **Domain name** field...

        In the Domain name field, ensure that the DNS suffix for the Connections environment is present and preceded with a dot. If the Sametime DNS suffix is different from the Connections DNS suffix, then append it to the Domain name field as well. All DNS suffixes listed should be preceded with a dot.

        For example: .example1.com example2.com

    4.  Select the check boxes for **Interoperability Mode** \(optional\) and **Web inbound security attribute propagation**. Make sure **Set security to HTTP Only** is not enabled.

    5.  Restart your Connections deployment.

3.  If LTPA Export the LTPA key file.

    1.  Log into the WebSphere Application Server Integrated Solutions Console on the Deployment Manager.

    2.  Click **Security** \> **Global security**.

    3.  In Authentication \> Authentication mechanism and expiration select **LTPA**.

    4.  In the **Password** and **Confirm password** fields, enter the password that protects the exported key.

    5.  In the **Fully qualified key file name** field enter the path and file name for the key file that you want to generate

    6.  Click **Export keys**

    7.  Select **Apply** and then select **Save**.

4.  Enter a file name and path to save the LTPA keys. The file will be exported to the Deployment Manager. This file needs to be retrieved from the Deployment Manager machine to be imported into Sametime.

5.  Retreive the exported LTPA key file.


After obtaining the LTPA keys from HCL Connections, follow the steps in the [Configuring LTPA in Docker or Podman](ltpa_configure_docker.md) or [Configuring LTPA in Kubernetes](ltpa_configure_kubernetes.md) topic.

**Parent Topic:  **[Setting up SSO using LTPA](enabling_sso_ltpa.md)

