<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="add_community_manual" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Adding a community manually</title>
 <?Pub Caret 3?>
 <shortdesc>Selecting <uicontrol>Setup a Community</uicontrol> on the <wintitle>Welcome</wintitle>
  screen or tapping the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> icon on the <wintitle>Communities</wintitle>
  screen displays the <wintitle>Add Community</wintitle> screen.</shortdesc>
 <taskbody>
  <steps>
   <step>
    <cmd>Enter information about the server.</cmd>
    <info>
     <dl id="dl_en4_qmp_dtb">
      <dlentry>
       <dt>Name</dt>
       <dd>The display name that you use for this community.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>Host Server</dt>
       <dd>The server host URL. Provide the fully qualified Sametime server host name or IP
        address.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>Port</dt>
       <dd>The server port number. The default port number is 443.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>When finished, tap <uicontrol>Validate</uicontrol>.</cmd>
    <info>
     <p>The validation process attempts to connect to the server and determine whether a user ID and
      password are required for authentication. If authentication is required, the app prompts you
      to enter your Sametime credentials. If your organization uses corporate credentials for
      Sametime, you don't have to enter credentials for the community. Tap
       <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> to return to the <wintitle>Login</wintitle> or
       <wintitle>Communities</wintitle> screen.</p>
     <p>If the validation fails, you might have to provide additional configuration information on
      the <wintitle>Advanced Properties</wintitle> screen.<parml id="parml_ork_znq_ktb">
       <plentry>
        <pt>Allow Self Signed Certificate</pt>
        <pd>This setting is <uicontrol>OFF</uicontrol> by default. When <uicontrol>ON</uicontrol> is
         specified, the app can't identity the community server. If you are configuring for a test
         environment your administrator might require that you set the value to
          <uicontrol>ON</uicontrol>.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
        <pt>Connection Type</pt>
        <pd>Indicates whether the community configuration connects directly to the Sametime server
         or uses an authenticating proxy. The default value is <uicontrol>Direct
          Connection</uicontrol>. </pd>
        <pd>If the host server is behind a firewall, you might have to use an authenticating proxy.
         Selecting <uicontrol>Authentication Proxy </uicontrol> requires credentials for
         authenticating with the proxy. Contact your administrator for details.</pd>
       </plentry>
      </parml></p>
     <p>When you finish configuring advanced properties, tap <uicontrol>Back</uicontrol> to return
      to the <uicontrol>Add Community</uicontrol> screen where you validate the updated
      configuration.</p>
    </info>
   </step>
  </steps>
 </taskbody>
</task>
