<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="add_community_qrcode" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Adding a new community using a QR code</title>
 <?Pub Caret 3?>
 <shortdesc>By tapping <uicontrol>Scan QR Code</uicontrol>, the device camera opens and the app
    prompts you for permission to use the camera.</shortdesc>
 <taskbody>
  <context id="context_wqv_r4q_ktb">
   <p>If your administrator provides a QR code, you can use the Sametime app or the iOS camera app
        to read the code and configure the community for you. You can also use the HCL Sametime
        browser client to generate a custom QR code that configures the mobile client with the same
        community and user ID that the browser is using.</p>
  </context>
  <steps id="steps_z15_4mp_dtb">
      <step>
        <cmd>Your system administrator can provide a QR code, but you can also find it in the
          Sametime web client. Click <menucascade>
            <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol>
            <uicontrol>Configure Mobile Client</uicontrol>
          </menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
   <step>
        <cmd>Point the camera at a Sametime community QR code. If the code is valid it captures the
          community configuration and opens the <wintitle>Add Community</wintitle> screen.</cmd>
      </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Confirm the settings and tap <uicontrol>Validate</uicontrol> to verify the community with
     your server.</cmd>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Enter your credentials.</cmd>
    <info>You can save your password for future logins, by turning on <uicontrol>Remember
      Password</uicontrol>. </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Tap <menucascade>
      <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>
      <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol>
     </menucascade> to store your information.</cmd>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Respond to the license agreement.</cmd>
    <info>The log-in page opens. Enter your password and select your status. Click <uicontrol>Log
            In</uicontrol> to access the chat community.</info>
   </step>
  </steps>
 </taskbody>
</task>
