<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="audio_chatting_appledevice" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Audio chatting on your Apple device</title>
<shortdesc>You can initiate an audio chat with someone in your contact list on HCL Connections Chat
        by using your Apple device.</shortdesc>
<concept id="initiating_an_audiochat">
<title>Initiating an audio chat </title>
<conbody>
<p>To begin an audio chat with someone in your contacts list, press the audio chat icon on their
                person card. The recipient can either accept or decline the notification.</p>
<p>To initiate an audio chat by using something other than your default calling method, open the
                    <uicontrol>Information</uicontrol> tab of the contact's person card. Select one
                of the phone numbers listed in this view. A menu opens with the calling options that
                are available to you. Tap the dialing option to use.</p>
<note>If only one dialing option is available, the call starts with that option.</note>
</conbody>
</concept>
<concept id="participating_audiochat">
<title>Participating in an audio chat </title>
<conbody>
<p>After an audio chat begins, you and your chat partner hears each other speaking through your
                devices. The following options are available during an audio chat:</p>
<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_gly_n3c_rhb">
<title>Audio chat options</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Option</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Mute</entry>
<entry>Temporarily mutes your audio on the call.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Keypad</entry>
<entry>Open the device's keypad for entering information.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>End Call</entry>
<entry>End the audio chat.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</conbody>
<concept id="working_audio_chat_tab">
<title>Working with the Audio Chat tab </title>
<conbody>
<p>The Audio Chat tab on the left menu displays two panes of information. </p>
<p>The first pane is a list of recent audio chats, with the most recent listed at the top. The list
                    indicates with icons whether you initiated an audio chat, received a
                    notification, declined a notification, or if you missed calls. Tapping on any of
                    the items displays the person card of the chat partner.</p>
                <p>The second pane contains the dialing keypad. You can use the keypad to directly
                    dial a number by using Connections Chat or a third-party dialer.</p>
<p><xref
href="c_using_sametime_unified_telephony_features_android_device.dita#sametime_unified_telephony_features"
/></p>
<p>HCL Connections Chat for iOS can place Sametime® Unified Telephony calls and reroute your
                    incoming Sametime Unified Telephony calls.</p>
<p><xref href="t_third_party_dialer_application.dita#third_party_dialer_applications"/></p>
<p>HCL Connections Chat for iOS can place calls by using the Siemens OpenScape Mobile client.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
</concept>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
