<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="c_contact_info_screen" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Viewing a contact's information</title>
 <shortdesc>You can view details about a person you are chatting with or in your contacts list. The
   <wintitle>Contact Info </wintitle> screen includes the name, nickname, photo or default avatar,
  title and awareness status displays.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>If the person provided an email or phone number this information is also displayed. <ul
    id="ul_fp5_mtz_bvb">
    <li>Tapping an email address shows the available email programs on your mobile device.</li>
    <li>Tapping the phone number prompts you to dial the number if you are on a device capable of
     placing calls.</li>
   </ul></p>
  <p>You can access other features by the email address and phone number. Long pressing an email
   address displays the iOS menu for email addresses showing all the available options for an email
   address. The following options might be available:<ul id="ul_zrn_jvq_ktb">
    <li><uicontrol>New Mail Message</uicontrol></li>
    <li><uicontrol>Facetime Audio</uicontrol></li>
    <li><uicontrol>Facetime</uicontrol></li>
    <li><uicontrol>Send Message</uicontrol> (using the Apple Messages app)`</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Add to Contacts</uicontrol> (Apple Contacts)</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Copy Email</uicontrol></li>
   </ul></p>
  <p>You might also assign a nickname to a contact from the <wintitle>Contact Info</wintitle>
   screen. Nicknames are visible throughout the app in place of the users' formal names. </p>
  <p>Long pressing a phone number displays the iOS menu for phone numbers, showing all the available
   options for a phone number. The options are as follows: <ul id="ul_x5r_vtz_bvb">
    <li><uicontrol>Call</uicontrol></li>
    <li><uicontrol>Facetime Audio</uicontrol></li>
    <li><uicontrol>Facetime</uicontrol></li>
    <li><uicontrol>Send Message</uicontrol> (using the Apple Messages app)</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Add to Contacts</uicontrol> (Apple Contacts)</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Copy</uicontrol></li>
   </ul></p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
