<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="create_custom_app" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Creating a custom app configuration profile</title>
 <shortdesc>HCL Sametime for iOS supports custom managed configurations. With these configurations,
    an [spell out EMM] (EMM) administrator can preconfigure many settings and policies for HCL
    Sametime for iOS.</shortdesc>

<conbody>
 <p>Any setting an administrator defines by using the EMM takes precedence over a similar setting or
      policy on the Sametime server. Setting custom app configuration varies by EMM. All EMM
      providers support the idea of Apple managed configuration that use custom keys and values.
      However, some EMM providers support a definition of these parameters that use an app’s
      AppConfig XML definition file the <xref href="https://www.appconfig.org/" format="html"
        scope="external">AppConfig Community</xref> defines it.</p>
 <p>HCL Sametime for iOS provides the  <xref
        href="https://support.hcltechsw.com/csm?id=kb_article&amp;sysparm_article=KB0078619"
        format="html" scope="external">EMM Configuration XML file for HCL Sametime for iOS</xref>
      file through the support article which defines the supported configuration settings for this
      app.</p>
 <p>If your EMM supports an AppConfig.xml file, use this file rather than manually entering managed
      configuration keys and values.</p>
 <p>Not all EMM providers support <filepath>AppConfig.xml</filepath> file, and if your provider does
      not support this format yet, you can still enter in configuration keys and values
      separately.</p>
    <p>See the <xref href="c_create_ios_app.dita" format="dita">HCL Sametime iOS App Configuration
        Reference</xref> for a listing of keys and values that HCL Sametime for iOS supports.</p></conbody></concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
