<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="managing_app_settings" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Managing Sametime app settings</title>
 <shortdesc>You can manage settings for the HCL Sametime app on your mobile device. Settings persist
    on the server so the server maintains the settings on installations and other mobile
    devices.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
  <p>From the app menu, tap <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> to display the application settings.
      Access settings under the following categories:<ul id="ul_szt_dxp_y5b">
        <li>Contact List</li>
        <li>General</li>
        <li>Notifications</li>
      </ul></p>
 <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_idp_qmb_rhb">
   <title>Sametime app settings</title>
  <tgroup cols="3">
    <colspec colname="newCol1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
    <colspec colname="c1" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
    <colspec colname="c2" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry>Category</entry>
      <entry>Option</entry>
      <entry>Description</entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry>Contact List</entry>
            <entry>Show Offline Contacts</entry>
            <entry>Set whether to show contacts who are offline in your contact list.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry morerows="3">General</entry>
            <entry>Cellular Data Preference</entry>
            <entry>These preferences determine meeting behavior when you aren't on a wifi
              connection. <dl id="dl_qpn_2nq_bvb">
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>Stream over WiFi only</dt>
                  <dd>Enable to join a meeting in audio-only mode. You cannot see videos. However,
                    you can see presentations. </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>Download over WiFi only</dt>
                  <dd>Enable to download  a meeting recording over wifi only.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>Stream over WiFi only</dt>
                  <dd>Enable to play a meeting recording over wifi only.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>Using these features when not on a WiFi connections might incur fees by your
              provider. The default preferences are join a meeting in audio-only mode, and you not
              allowed download or play meeting recordings.</entry>
          </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Community Settings</entry>
      <entry>Contains the Sametime server connection information required to connection to the host
              sever. Settings include the host server URL, port, security, connection type, and log
              in credentials, </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Connect at Launch</entry>
            <entry>With this setting set to <codeph>on</codeph>, after you configure the app, the
              app automatically logs in whenever the app starts from the
                <uicontrol>application</uicontrol> icon.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Remain Online</entry>
      <entry>Set the length of time you want to remain online when you put the app in the
       background.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry morerows="1">Notifications</entry>
      <entry>Incoming calls</entry>
      <entry>Specify how you want to handle incoming calls.<p>Select either <uicontrol>Answer
                  Call</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Open Conversation </uicontrol> to set the behavior
                when you are not currently in the app. <ul id="ul_hky_qlf_cvb">
                  <li>When <uicontrol>Answer Call</uicontrol> is selected, you can answer the call
                    by tapping the notification.</li>
                  <li>When <uicontrol>Open Conversation </uicontrol> is selected, when you tap the
                    notification, the conversation opens. Tap <uicontrol>Join</uicontrol> to answer
                    the call..</li>
                </ul></p><p>When you are in the Sametime app and receive a call and <uicontrol>Show
                  Notification</uicontrol> is on, the app displays the call notification and tapping
                the notification opens the conversation. To play the call ring tone with
                notification, turn on <uicontrol>Play Sound</uicontrol>. When <uicontrol>Show
                  Notification</uicontrol> is off, the notification sound is also off.</p></entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Incoming Messages</entry>
      <entry>Specify how you want to handle incoming notifications. Turn off and on sound for the
              following types of messages: <ul id="ul_jms_k4f_cvb">
                <li>Chat messages</li>
                <li>Group messages</li>
                <li>Announcements</li>
              </ul>The message number badge changes regardless of whether the sound is on or off.
              Open the conversation to join.<p>Tap <uicontrol>Modify Notification
                  Settings</uicontrol> to change Sametime notification and device
              settings.</p></entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
 </table>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002132?>
