<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="using_main_screen" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Using the main screen</title>
 <shortdesc>Tapping the menu icon allows you to navigate throughout the Sametime app.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The following options are available in the left action bar on iPads. On an iPhone, they are
available from either the tabs at the bottom of the screen or from the
<uicontrol>More</uicontrol>... menu.</p>
<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_ipk_dpb_rhb">
<title>Main screen options</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Option</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Search</entry>
<entry>Search your contact list, or your corporate directory for chat partners.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Chats</entry>
<entry>Displays the text chat screen, which maintains a list of all active chats you are currently
engaged in. If you are not participating in any chats, the screen displays a list of recent chats,
with the most recent at the top.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Contacts</entry>
<entry>Opens the Contacts screen, which list your contacts and groups.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Favorites</entry>
<entry>Opens your favorite contacts list. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Audio Chat</entry>
<entry>Displays the audio chat screen, which displays a list of recent audio chats, with the most
       recent listed at the top. It also shows the dialing keypad. When you are engaged in an audio
       chat, the controls is on this screen.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Video Chat</entry>
<entry>Displays the video chat screen, which displays a list of recent video chats, with the most
       recent listed at the top. When you are engaged in a video chat, you participate from this
       screen. <p>Video chatting is only available on iPads.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Status</entry>
<entry>Shows your current status on Connections Chat. You can change your status by pressing this
button.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>User</entry>
<entry>This option is only available on iPads, and is at the bottom of the action bar. It displays
three additional options:<ul>
<li>Log Out: logs you out of Connections Chat. </li>
<li>Settings: Opens the settings dialog. </li>
<li>Help and Support: Opens a page with links to the HCL Connections website and for sending support
logs to HCL.</li>
</ul><p>On iPhones, you can reach the <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> dialog from the
<uicontrol>More</uicontrol>... menu. You can also access the Help and Support page on an iPhone from
the <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> dialog.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Settings</entry>
<entry>Displays the configuration menu for Connections Chat on your device. </entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</conbody>
<?tm 1364930070 2?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002132?>
