<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="whats_new" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>New features in HCL Sametime 12 for iOS</title>
 <shortdesc>HCL <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> for iOS version 12 has new
    features and enhancements.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
    <section id="section_lxs_jzx_dvb">
      <title>12.0.4</title>
      <parml id="parml_mxs_jzx_dvb">
        <plentry>
          <pt>Filter your active chats</pt>
          <pd>When viewing active chats you can filter on one-to-one chats, group chats, and meeting
            chats. </pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
    </section>
    <section id="section_blx_bd4_v5b">
      <title>12.0.3</title>
      <parml id="parml_zsz_g24_v5b">
        <plentry>
          <pt>Managing the waiting room</pt>
          <pd>Mobile moderator can manage the waiting room. Moderators attending a meeting on a
            mobile device can admit other participants who are in the waiting room.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>CarPlay improvements</pt>
          <pd>When users join a meeting on CarPlay, they see with an active meeting screen while
            they attend the meeting. When they leave the meeting, Sametime returns them to the
            meetings list.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
    </section>
    <section id="section_cvr_zc4_v5b">
      <title>12.0.2 and 12.0.1</title>
      <p>HCL Sametime 12.0.1 and 12.0.2 contain bug fixes only.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_fpb_k5n_v5b">
      <title>12.0</title>
      <parml id="parml_ynd_p5n_v5b">
        <plentry>
          <pt>Sounds for incoming chats and announcements</pt>
          <pd>Sounds have always played for incoming chat and announcement notifications when the
            app is in the background. With version 12.0, a sound also plays for these events when
            the app is in the foreground. You can turn the sounds on by using the new notification
            settings. </pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <p>The following new features are only available when your device is connected to a Sametime
        12.0 server:</p>
      <parml id="parml_ncm_m5n_v5b">
        <plentry>
          <pt>Server based Recent Meetings </pt>
          <pd>With version 12.0 the Recent Meetings list queries the server to get recent meetings
            update. This update means that your Recent Meetings list is same no matter which client
            you use to display them. Because you can use mobile clients can to join meetings on
            multiple servers you might see some discrepancy between the Recent Meeting list on a
            mobile client and the Recent Meeting list on the browser or another mobile client. This
            discrepancy happens because the mobile client also lists joined meetings on other
            servers whereas the browser only lists joined meetings that are on the server you're
            connected to. Meetings that you joined on servers prior to version 12.0 are still stored
            locally and then merged with the version 12.0 meetings in the Recent Meetings list.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Meeting filters for viewing the list of recent meetings</pt>
          <pd>By default, when you view meetings listed in <uicontrol>Recent</uicontrol>, Sametime
            lists all meetings that you joined while you logged into the app. The list includes
            meetings that used a Sametime 12 server or an earlier version. With the Sametime mobile
            app version 12.0, you can customize the list by using the following filters:<dl
              id="dl_ocm_m5n_v5b">
              <dlentry>
                <dt>My Meetings</dt>
                <dd>Lists only instances of meetings that you own. The list includes meetings that
                  you joined and those that you didn't join.</dd>
              </dlentry>
              <dlentry>
                <dt>Recordings</dt>
                <dd>Lists the meetings that you have joined that have an associated recording.</dd>
              </dlentry>
              <dlentry>
                <dt>Calls</dt>
                <dd>Lists the calls that you participated in.</dd>
              </dlentry>
            </dl></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Meeting reports and recordings</pt>
          <pd>Meeting owners can access reports for their meetings. You can access these reports by
            opening the <uicontrol>Recent</uicontrol> tab and then tapping the
              <uicontrol>More</uicontrol> menu icon. You can view two reports: Summary Report and
            Full Report. If  someone recorded the meeting, the <uicontrol>More</uicontrol> menu
            includes the recordings.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Muting conversations</pt>
          <pd>With version 12.0, you can mute individual conversations. The ability to mute is
            helpful when you participate in a group that is very active.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Click to call</pt>
          <pd>With this feature you can connect directly with a contact or group by clicking the
            call icon in the upper right corner of the chat window. When you place a call, a new
            meeting starts. Those you call receive a join message and get placed into the meeting
            when they join the call.</pd>
          <pd>Version 12.0 includes notification settings for incoming calls.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Meeting modes enhancement</pt>
          <pd>When you create a meeting, you can select a mode for the type of meeting. Each mode
            has a set of options with the most common mode setting already selected. You can choose
            from three modes: <ul id="ul_pcm_m5n_v5b">
              <li>Collaboration: Flexible and fully customizable </li>
              <li>Confidential: Maximum level of security </li>
              <li>Lecture: Ideal for large moderated meetings</li>
            </ul></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>File transfer</pt>
          <pd>In addition to sending pictures from the camera or a photos app, in version 12.0 you
            can send files in a chat. The files are uploaded and saved as a link in the chat that
            you or a chat partner can download later. The HCL Sametime mobile app uses the Files app
            to select the file to send. Files that you download are also saved in the Files app.
              <note id="note_qcm_m5n_v5b">The mobile client does not support the previous file
              transfer method, where you had to be online to receive the file.</note></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Token log in</pt>
          <pd>When you log in to the Sametime server with log-in credentials, the app sends secure
            tokens to the client for use throughout the session. These tokens are also used to
            authenticate with the Sametime meeting service. The tokens can also be used to
            authenticate the session instead of using login credentials. The use of secure tokens
            permit a login session to persist while the secure tokens remain valid. The session ends
            when you use the <uicontrol>Logout</uicontrol> menu option or when the token expires. </pd>
          <pd>The <uicontrol>Remain online</uicontrol> setting takes precedent in determining how
            long to remain logged in when the HCL Sametime app runs in the background until the
            setting expires. However, when you bring the HCL Sametime app back to the foreground,
            the secure tokens are used to log in if they haven't expired.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Meeting waiting room support</pt>
          <pd>When you join a meeting that was configured with a waiting room, you remain in the
            waiting room until you are either admitted or denied access to the meeting. You can see
            messages from the meeting owner while you are in the waiting room.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Custom branding for meetings</pt>
          <pd>Business customers can use their own branding for meetings. Administrators can
            configure the Sametime server to use a business logo to which the meeting screen is
            displays during the join process.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <parml id="parml_byg_ggy_z5b">
        <plentry>
          <pt>New default policy options for the mobile app</pt>
          <pd>Policies that the login process passes down specify the behavior of the HCL Sametime
            mobile app. The Sametime administrator uses policies to turn on and off features. For
            example, administrators can use file transfer policies to turn off file transfer when
            they assess that the security risks in the customer's environment are too great.</pd>
          <pd>In Sametime 12.0, the default settings for many mobile policies to enable all mobile
            features. However, an administrator can modify them to meet the needs of the
            organization. For details about policies, see the HCL Sametime Administrator Guide. The
              <xref href="https://help.hcltechsw.com/sametime/12/admin/c_mobileclient_policies.html"
              scope="external" format="html">Mobile client policies</xref> topic describes the
            policies that the mobile client uses.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
    </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
