<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="working_with_your_contacts" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Working with your contacts</title>
<shortdesc>You can use the Contacts screen to manage your contact lists, view contact information,
as well as engage in text, audio, and video chats with your contact.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>You can view the screen by pressing the <uicontrol>Contacts</uicontrol> button in the left action
   bar on an iPad, or from the Options menu on an iPhone. Press the All Contacts link at the top of
   the list display all of your contacts, organized alphabetically by name. If you have created
   groups for your contacts, they appears below the All Contacts link, also organized
   alphabetically. You can scroll through the lists of contacts and groups using your fingers. Press
   the contact you are looking for to open the Person Card associated with it.</p>
<note>On an iPhone, the default view is the Chat tab. To see the Contacts information for the person
card you must press the business card icon in the upper right of the card.</note>
</conbody>
<concept id="concept_cr5_fmb_rhb">
<title>Working with groups </title>
<conbody>
<p>Navigate through the groups you have created by pressing them in the list. You navigate through
sub-groups in the same way, with each having its own list in a separate pane. You can also swipe
back and forth between the different cards using your fingers. When you find the contact you are
looking for, press the name to open the Person Card associated with it.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<concept id="working_with_groups">
<title>Working with Person Cards</title>
<conbody>
<p>Whenever you press the name of a contact, its Person Card displays. The Person Card is a central
hub for getting information about and interacting with your contacts. There are several options
available from the Person Card:</p>
<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_idp_qmb_rhb">
<title>Person Card options</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Option</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Information tab</entry>
<entry>Provides basic information about your contact, including: <ul>
<li>Email address - Press an address to send a message to your contact using your device's mail
application.</li>
<li>Phone number - Press a phone number to initiate an Audio Chat with your contact. If you have
          more than one calling method configured on your device, a drop down menu displays your
          calling options. Press one to initiate the call.</li>
<li>Physical address - Press the physical address of your contact to display its location in your
device's map application.</li>
</ul></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Chat tab</entry>
<entry>Opens the chat pane for you to initiate a text chat with your contact. For more information,
refer to <xref href="c_textchatting_apple_device.dita#text_chatting_apple_device"/><p>This is the
default view for iPhones.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Audio Chat button</entry>
<entry>This button at the top right of the Person Card initiates an Audio Chat with your contact,
using your default calling method. If you wish to use another calling method, press one of your
contact's listed phone numbers to display your list of options. For more information, refer to <xref
href="c_audio_chatting_apple_device.dita#audio_chatting_appledevice"/></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Video Chat button</entry>
<entry>This button at the top right of the Person Card initiates a Video Chat with your contact. For
more information, refer to <xref href="c_video_chatting_apple_device.dita#video_chatting"/></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Action Menu button</entry>
<entry>Provides additional options for your contact, including: <ul>
<li>Add/Remove From Favorites - Lets you add or remove this contact from your Favorites list. </li>
<li>Add to Connections Contacts - Allows you to add the contact to your device's internal contact
list. </li>
<li>Send an Announcement - Starts the announcement dialog, with this contact listed first in the
addresses list. Add additional contacts, enter the message text, then press Send to send the
announcement to the selected contacts.</li>
</ul></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?tm 1364930070 2?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002132?>
