<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="adding_server_apple_device" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Adding a server on an Apple device</title>
<?Pub Caret 3?>
<shortdesc>You can change the server connection information, but typically you use the connection
information that was set up by your administrator.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>Choose which kind of server you want to add:</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>From the login panel, choose the <uicontrol>Community</uicontrol> entry.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>In the Communities panel, press <uicontrol>Add Community</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Choose either <uicontrol>My company's server</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>HCL Connections
Cloud</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<task id="my_company_server">
<title>My company's server</title>
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>If you select <uicontrol>My company's server</uicontrol>, you need to set values as specified by
     your system administrator in the resulting dialog:</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>For Host Server, enter the server host name. </cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>For Port, enter the server port. </cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select Secure Connection on or off. </cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Enable the Direct connection or Authenticating Proxy option to use a direct socket connection.
</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Enter the Photo Port. </cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Enter your User ID and/or password if you want Connections to remember them. </cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Enter a name for the community if you want to name the community. </cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Press Add to add the community.</cmd>
<info>
<note>Your system administrator may provide a link which fills in some of the above values for you
automatically. They may also add Pre-configured communities to your community list.</note>
</info>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<task id="connections_cloud">
<title>HCL Connections Cloud</title>
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>If you select <uicontrol>HCL Connections Cloud</uicontrol>, configuration is more automatic. You
must be connected to a network so that the HCL Connections Cloud community can be created.</p>
<p>Specify the correct values for the below options:</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Enter your user ID. </cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Enter your password if you want Connections to remember it. </cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Press <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> to add the community.</cmd>
<info>You can create multiple communities using the above procedures. HCL Connections Cloud
communities display in the Communities panel along with local server communities. If you have
multiple communities, click on the community in the <uicontrol>Communities</uicontrol> panel that
you want to use.</info>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003147?>
