<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<task id="t_create_meetings" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Creating a meeting</title>
 <shortdesc>You can create meetings that you own from the <uicontrol>Meetings</uicontrol> screen. </shortdesc>
 <taskbody>
  <steps id="steps_ptx_45q_dtb">
   <step>
        <cmd>From the main menu, tap <uicontrol>Meetings</uicontrol> and then tap the
            <uicontrol>create meeting</uicontrol> icon (+ ) at the top of the screen.</cmd>
      </step>
   <step>
        <cmd>Type a name for the meeting.</cmd>
        <info>The meeting name must be unique and cannot contain any special characters, such as
          &amp;, #, and *. You cannot save the meeting if the name is not unique. The
            <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> button is not enabled until the name is unique.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Select a meeting mode and then click the continue icon.</cmd>
        <choices id="choices_inp_jxb_dtb">
          <choice>Select <uicontrol>Collaboration</uicontrol> if the meeting is open to anyone who
            has the meeting link.</choice>
          <choice>Select <uicontrol>Confidential</uicontrol> to restrict the meeting to a designated
            set of participants. You expect all participants to use credentials to access the
            meeting. If guest access is allowed, you must have waiting room enabled.</choice>
          <choice>Select <uicontrol>Lecture</uicontrol> to put meeting participants in listen-only
            mode. This choice works well for presentation meetings.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
   <step>
        <cmd>Tap the <uicontrol>continue arrow</uicontrol> that is next to <uicontrol>Collaboration
            settings</uicontrol> to specify meeting settings. Settings vary based on the selected
          meeting mode. Specify the settings for the selected mode. Tap the <uicontrol>Meeting
            Password</uicontrol> switch to add a password and enter the password.</cmd>
        <info>
          <parml id="parml_cqf_qq4_y5b">
            <plentry>
              <pt>Meeting password</pt>
              <pd>When enabled, a password is required to join the meeting, including the meeting
                moderators and owners. Passwords must be at least eight characters. <note
                  id="note_dqf_qq4_y5b">Be sure to store this password for later reference because
                  you can't see it on the configuration page.</note></pd>
              <pd>If you set a password, an option to <uicontrol>Change Password</uicontrol> is
                available. </pd>
              <pd>This option is a required setting for confidential-mode meetings.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>Waiting room</pt>
              <pd>Enable to place participants into a waiting room until a moderator admits them to
                the meeting or declines the admission. Moderators can send messages to users in the
                waiting room. You can add others to the meeting, see the following step describing
                the <uicontrol>Member Access </uicontrol> section.</pd>
              <pd>When enabled, you can set the <uicontrol>Members Can Bypass</uicontrol> option to
                allow meeting members to enter the meeting immediately, instead going into the
                waiting room.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>Conference dial-in</pt>
              <pd>Enable to allow participants to dial into the meeting by using a telephone, if
                your organization configured settings for telephony.</pd>
            </plentry>
          </parml>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Under the <uicontrol>Member Access </uicontrol> section, specify how meeting
          participants interact with the meeting.</cmd>
        <info>
          <parml id="parml_dg4_yq4_y5b">
            <plentry>
              <pt>Moderated Meeting</pt>
              <pd>When you make a meeting moderated, only you or other moderators that you designate
                can start the meeting. A moderator also controls other aspects of the meeting such
                as who can present, muting participant audio, and more. You can designate who a
                meeting moderator is. When the <uicontrol>Moderated Meeting</uicontrol> setting is
                enabled, a <uicontrol>Manage Moderators</uicontrol> field is available and you can
                add moderators for the meeting. Moderators that you designate can start and control
                the other aspects of the meeting.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>Restricted</pt>
              <pd>This setting enables the meeting hosts to restrict who has access to the meeting.
                When the <uicontrol>Restricted</uicontrol> setting is enabled, a <uicontrol>Manage
                  Participants</uicontrol> field is visible which allows you to add participants who
                can join the meeting.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>Allow Guests</pt>
              <pd>When enabled, guests or people outside of the organization who aren't
                authenticated can join the meeting.</pd>
            </plentry>
          </parml>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>When you finish the collaboration settings, tap the <uicontrol>back</uicontrol> icon to
          return to the <wintitle>New Meeting</wintitle> screen. From there you can save or start
          the meeting.</cmd>
        <choices id="choices_oc1_5b3_y5b">
          <choice>Tap the check mark at the top of the screen to save the meeting on the
              <uicontrol>My Meetings</uicontrol> tab.</choice>
          <choice>Click <uicontrol>Start</uicontrol> to begin the meeting. Clicking
              <uicontrol>Start</uicontrol> opens the meeting in a new tab and saves the meeting in
            your <uicontrol>My Meetings</uicontrol> list on the <wintitle>Sametime
              Meetings</wintitle> landing page.</choice>
        </choices>
        <info>The meeting is saved and listed on the <uicontrol>My Meetings</uicontrol> tab. For
          each setting that you assign to a meeting, the app displays the associated setting icon
          with the meeting name.</info>
      </step>
  </steps></taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
