<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="third_party_dialer_applications" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Using Third Party dialer applications on an iOS device</title>
<?Pub Caret 3?>
<shortdesc>HCL Connections Chat for iOS has the ability to place calls using the Siemens OpenScape
Mobile client.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>This feature requires that your company install the Siemens OpenScape UC server and that you have
properly installed and configured the OpenScape Mobile client on your device.</p>
<p>To configure dialing for the OpenScape Mobile client, perform the following procedure:</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Open the HCL Chat application.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>On the iPhone, select the <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> button on the bottom right. On the
iPad, tap the gear icon. Select <uicontrol>Voice and Video</uicontrol> on an iPad, or
<uicontrol>Connections Voice Chat</uicontrol> on an iPhone. </cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Choose one of the following options under Method for Placing Calls.</cmd>
<info>
<note>Your system administrator may choose to disable third party dialing.</note>
</info>
<info>
<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_nyd_twy_rhb">
<title>Method for placing calls </title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Option</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Always Ask</entry>
<entry>You are always prompted to choose a method when dialing.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Connections Voice Chat</entry>
<entry>Calls are always placed using Sametime® Unified Telephony.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>OpenScape Mobile</entry>
<entry>Calls are always placed using the OpenScape Mobile dialer.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>iPhone</entry>
<entry>Calls are always placed using the cell phone.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<note>These options are not available if you do not have the proper functionality on your device;
      for example, an iPad with no data plan doesn't have the iPhone option.</note>
</info>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
