<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_st8_uim_contact_list_outofsynch" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>What does the contact list conflict message mean?</title>
<shortdesc>Your contact list is stored both on your community server
and on your workstation. If you use Sametime on more than one computer,
you might see a contact list conflict message. The message displays
when your contact list on one of these computers gets out-of-synch
with the version on the server.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><note type="tip"> To update a contacts’ nickname automatically
so it does not get out-of-sync, edit a contact's nickname by right-clicking
a contact.</note></p>
<p>When you see a contact list conflict message, you can select from
the following options:</p>
<p>Before you select an option, think about the implications of your
choice.</p>
<table><title>Options and examples</title><desc><p outputclass="summary"> A
simple table that explains the options and information to help you
choose. The first column lists options, and the second column gives
an example of when you might use it.<draft-comment>this info should
be in the UI eventually.</draft-comment></p></desc>
<tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Option</entry>
<entry colname="col2">What to consider</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Replace the server copy with the local copy</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Choose this option if you are confident that
the version on your computer is the most current. If you choose this
option, you lose any changes from versions on other computers.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Replace the local copy with the server copy</entry><?Pub
Caret -1?>
<entry colname="col2">Choose this option if a version on another computer
is more current. <p>For example, you clean up a long and unorganized
contact list on one computer, and your changes are saved to the server.
If you start another computer and see the conflict message, choose
this option, so your changes are not lost.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Merge the server and local copies</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Choose this option if you often use both computers,
so both contact lists are up-to-date but contain some different contacts.
All contacts from both versions are merged into one list.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002595?>
