<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="t_st8_uim_location.dita" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>How do I show others where I am?</title>
<shortdesc>Display your location and contact information in your status
card when you are available online. When you do, others see this information
when they hover their cursor over your name in the contact list or
engage in an online chat with you.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>Show others where you are by specifying geographic location
settings or profiles. You can specify geographic location information
for more than one location, for example, for your London office and
for your New York office. That way, when you are sitting in your London
office, others see your London profile. When you are in your New York
office, they see your New York profile.</p><p>When you log in for the first time or when you are in a new geographic location that does not
    have location settings specified, you will be prompted to specify geographic location
    information. To specify your geographic location settings, refer to the following steps,
    starting with step 2. <note>Geographic location settings in the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm>
     client are not the same as location settings or profiles in the <tm tmtype="reg">Notes</tm>
     software. </note></p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Open the Geographic Location settings. </cmd><info><table
frame="all"><title>Options</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<?PubTbl tgroup rth="1.00pt"?>
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/><colspec colname="col2"
colwidth="1*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">If you are using:</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Do this:</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>HCL <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Connect</p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>Click the name of your current geographic
location in your status bar.<note>If you have never set a geographic
location, you will see "Set my geographic location."</note></p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><p>HCL <tm tmtype="reg">Notes</tm></p></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>Click the name of your current geographic location in your status bar in the <tm tmtype="reg"
            >Notes</tm> sidebar.<note>If you have never set your geographic location, you will see
            "Set my geographic location."</note></p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></info><stepresult>Your current location is indicated by the
label <uicontrol>(Current)</uicontrol> next to the profile name in
the list of location profiles.</stepresult></step>
<step>
                <cmd>Use one of the existing profiles or create a new one. To use existing location
                    information for your current location, click the existing location profile and
                    then click <uicontrol>Apply selected to current location</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
<step><cmd>Complete the fields, as appropriate.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody><?Pub Caret -1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003303?>
