<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="app_specific_configuration" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>App-specific Configuration</title>
  <shortdesc>Use App-specific configuration settings to automate the setup of HCL Sametime on managed devices.</shortdesc>
  <conbody><p>The configuration settings are specified by updating the HCL Sametime for Android Enterprise app custom settings using the EMM administration console.</p>
    <p>There are two types of custom HCL Sametime app settings that are configured using Android Enterprise: enforced or locked settings, and preferences.</p>
    <p>Settings that have a corresponding <uicontrol>Lock</uicontrol> option are considered preferences. If you enable the lock option for this preference, then it will be enforced. If you do not enable the lock option, it will be used as the default value, but the mobile app user will be able to adjust that setting using the HCL Sametime app if they wish. If there is a setting that does not have a corresponding lock option, then by providing a value for that setting it will be enforced and cannot be changed.</p>
    <p><b>For example</b>, the setting called <uicontrol>Server URL</uicontrol> allows an
      administrator to provide the exact hostname and connection URL which the managed HCL Sametime
      app will use to connect to its Sametime server. If a value is provided for <uicontrol>Server
        URL</uicontrol>, it is considered locked and cannot be changed at the HCL Sametime for
      Android app by a mobile user. The setting called <uicontrol>Community Name</uicontrol> is a
      preference that can be provided as a default value. You can change this to any suggested value
      in the list and when a mobile user installs the app for the first time on a new device, they
      will receive the value you have set as the default. If you want to enforce that the mobile
      user receives that value <b>AND</b> cannot change it to any other value, enable the setting
      called <uicontrol>Lock</uicontrol>.</p>
    <p><note>Any setting that is not locked will be applied if not already set for the application. When a value is already stored in the mobile app, it is assumed the initial configuration was applied or the user has changed the value to one he wishes to use and will not be overridden. Any setting that is locked will be enforced.</note></p>
    <p>Some of the settings that can be configured are:</p>
    <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_android">
      <title><b>Community Settings</b></title>
      <tgroup cols="3">
        <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
        <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
        <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>Key Name</entry>
            <entry>Default Value</entry>
            <entry>Details</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Configuration:</b>Community Name</entry>
            <entry>none</entry>
            <entry>This is the configuration name for the community.  If no value is provided it will default to the server URL.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Configuration:</b>Server URL</entry>
            <entry>none</entry>
            <entry>Provide the hostname or a fully qualified URL to your company's Sametime server. The URL must have specified http:// or https:// and be appended with the port number.
              <p><b>For example:</b>https://sametime.mycompany.com:9443</p></entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Configuration:</b>User ID</entry>
            <entry>none</entry>
            <entry>The User ID for access to the Sametime server.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Configuration:</b>SSL enabled</entry>
            <entry>Boolean true</entry>
            <entry>Recommended to be set to true to enable use of SSL.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Configuration:</b>Allow untrusted SSL</entry>
            <entry>Boolean false</entry>
            <entry>Recommended that this is not used in production environments for security purposes. Typically, only used in configuration environments.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Configuration:</b>Disable password save</entry>
            <entry>Boolean false</entry>
            <entry>By default, the local app will not save the password associated with the User ID.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Configuration:</b>Authenticating Proxy Reuse Credentials</entry>
            <entry>Boolean true</entry>
            <entry>By default, the Sametime server will authenticate with the User ID and password directly. If there is a separate authenticating proxy with different credentials, change this to false and set the following settings.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Configuration:</b>Authenticating Proxy User ID</entry>
            <entry>None – String if used</entry>
            <entry>If the Sametime environment uses a separate authenticating proxy use this value to set the unique User ID for the authentication service.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table></conbody></concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
