<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="audio_chatting_androiddevice" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Audio chatting on your Android device</title>
<shortdesc>You can initiate an audio chat with someone in your contact list on IBM Connections Chat
using your Android device.</shortdesc>
<concept id="initiating_an_audiochat">
<title>Initiating an audio chat </title>
<conbody>
<p>To begin an audio chat with someone in your contacts list, press the audio chat icon from the
chat view or from the option menu. They will receive a notification that you wish to begin an audio
chat and either accept or decline it. Alternatively, you can also initiate an audio chat from the
long press menu of a contact from your contact list or by selecting a phone number from the
contact's Person Card.</p>
<p>The type of audio chat placed depends on your voice settings. If <uicontrol>Always
ask</uicontrol> is selected, then the application prompts you to choose an available option.
Otherwise, the application defaults to the option you have selected.</p>
<note>If there is only one dialing option available, the call will immediately begin using that
option.</note>
</conbody>
</concept>
<concept id="participating_audiochat">
<title>Participating in an audio chat </title>
<conbody>
<p>Once an audio chat has begun, you and your chat partner will hear each other speaking through
your devices. The following options are available during an audio chat:</p>
<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_gly_n3c_rhb">
<title>Audio chat options</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Option</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Mute</entry>
<entry>Temporarily mutes your audio on the call.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Voice Chat</entry>
<entry>Switch the conversation from an Audio Chat to a Video Chat. For more information, see <xref
href="c_video_chatting_android_device.dita#video_chatting_android_device"/></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Keypad</entry>
<entry>Open the device's keypad for entering information.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>End Call</entry>
<entry>End the audio chat.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</conbody>
<concept id="working_audio_chat_tab">
<title>Working with the Audio Chat tab  </title>
<conbody>
<p>The Audio Chat tab on the left menu displays two panes of information. One of the panes, the
dialing keypad, may only be accessible if you have access to Sametime Unified Telephony. For
tablets, both of these panes should be immediately shown when working with the Audio Chat tab. For
phones, the dialing keypad will be shown first, if applicable. In order to access the recent voice
chats pane, the user should swipe to access the other pane.</p>
<p>The first pane is a list of recent audio chats, with the most recent listed at the top. The list
indicates with icons whether an audio chat was initiated by you, received by you, or declined by
you. Tapping on any of the list items displays the Person Card of that chat partner.</p>
<p>The second pane contains the dialing keypad. You can use the keypad to directly dial a number if
you have access to Sametime Unified Telephony.</p>
<p><xref
href="c_using_sametime_unified_telephony_features_android_device.dita#sametime_unified_telephony_features"
/></p>
<p>The Connections Chat Android client has the ability to place Sametime Unified Telephony calls as
well as change where your incoming Sametime Unified Telephony calls are routed. </p>
</conbody>
</concept>
</concept>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
