<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="managing_app_settings" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Managing Sametime app settings</title>
 <shortdesc>You can configure settings for the HCL Sametime app on your mobile device. Settings
    persist on the server so the server maintains the settings on installations and other mobile
    devices.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
  <p>From the app menu, tap <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> to display the application settings.
      Access settings under the following categories:<ul id="ul_szt_dxp_y5b">
        <li>General</li>
        <li>Contact</li>
        <li>Chat</li>
        <li>Meetings</li>
        <li>Notifications</li>
        <li>Troubleshooting</li>
      </ul></p>
 <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_idp_qmb_rhb">
   <title>Sametime app settings</title>
  <tgroup cols="3">
    <colspec colname="newCol1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
    <colspec colname="c1" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
    <colspec colname="c2" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry>Category</entry>
      <entry>Option</entry>
      <entry>Description</entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
     <row>
      <entry morerows="2">General</entry>
      <entry>Community Settings</entry>
      <entry>Contains the Sametime server connection information required to connect to the host
              sever. Settings include the host server URL, port, security, connection type, and log
              in credentials. </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Connect at Launch</entry>
      <entry>With this setting set to on, after you configure the app, the app automatically logs in
              whenever the app starts from the<uicontrol> application</uicontrol> icon.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Remain Online</entry>
      <entry>Set the length of time you want to remain online when you put the app in the
       background.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Contact</entry>
      <entry>Show Offline Contacts</entry>
      <entry>Set whether to show offline contacts in your contact list.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry morerows="1">Chat</entry>
      <entry>Show timestamps</entry>
      <entry>Turn on to display a time stamp with a chat message.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Display system message</entry>
      <entry>Display system messages related to the chat. Such as when a chat partner closes the
       chat.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry morerows="2">Meetings</entry>
      <entry>Meeting Preferences</entry>
      <entry>
       <dl id="dl_psm_pqk_z5b">
        <dlentry>
         <dt>Audio only</dt>
         <dd>Turn on to participate in a meeting with audio only.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>Mute audio</dt>
         <dd>Indicates the whether your audio device is on or off when you join a meeting. When
                    turned off, the<uicontrol> mute</uicontrol> icon displays at the bottom of the
                    meeting window.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>Video camera off</dt>
         <dd>Indicates the whether your video camera is on or off when you join a meeting. When
                    turned off, the <uicontrol>no camera</uicontrol> icon displays at the bottom of
                    the meeting window.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Incoming Calls</entry>
      <entry>Select to answer call or open conversation.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Cellular Data Preferences</entry>
      <entry>These preferences determine meeting behavior when you aren't on a wifi connection. <dl
                id="dl_wsn_d5k_z5b">
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>Stream over WiFi only</dt>
                  <dd>Enable to join a meeting in audio-only mode. You cannot see videos. However,
                    you can see presentations. </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>Download over WiFi only</dt>
                  <dd>Enable to download meeting recording over wifi only.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>Playback over WiFi only</dt>
                  <dd>Enable to play a meeting recording over wifi only.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>Using these features when not on a WiFi connections might incur fees by your
              provider. The default preferences are join a meeting in audio-only mode, and you not
              allowed download or play meeting recordings.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry morerows="2">Notifications</entry>
      <entry>Alerts</entry>
      <entry>Allow sound and vibration versus deliver quietly</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>App icon badges</entry>
      <entry>Turn on and off showing of badges.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Notification categories</entry>
      <entry>Tap to expand the notification categories. For each category, you can turn off and on
       receiving notifications.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Troubleshooting</entry>
      <entry>Enable logging</entry>
      <entry>Turn on and off trace logging. When turned on, the device speed and battery is
       affected.</entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
 </table>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002132?>
