<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="minimum_requirements" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Minimum Requirements</title>
  <shortdesc>Organizations using Android Enterprise to manage their mobile applications are now able
    to deploy Android Enterprise application management capabilities with HCL Sametime, including
    the ability to provision application configuration settings, and enforce Android Enterprise
    security policies. This Android Enterprise capability is built directly into the base version of
    HCL Sametime for Android that is delivered to mobile devices using Google Play and can be
    activated by following the instructions in this article.</shortdesc>

<conbody>
  <p>The following components are required at the specified minimum levels.</p>
  <p><ul><li>HCL Sametime v11 FP1 or later proxy server. This is the minimum level server required to support Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM).</li>
    <li>An Enterprise Mobility Manager (EMM) capable of managing Android Enterprise profiles, such as Google, MaaS360, or MobileIron.</li>
    <li>The Device Policy Controller (DPC) of the Android Enterprise provider installed on the mobile device.</li>
    <li>An Android Enterprise capable device which is any device running Android 6.0 or higher.</li></ul></p>
  <p>Be sure to check with your EMM provider to determine any minimum requirements they have for required components to support Android Enterprise.</p>
 </conbody></concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
