<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="c_release_eleven_latest" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Release 11.6.1</title>
    <shortdesc>Release 11.6.1 includes the following new features.</shortdesc>
    <conbody><p><ul>
                <li><b>URL Previews</b> - URLs sent or received in a chat can now show a preview of
                    the page that the URL represents. <note>You can control this behavior by a new
                        11.6 user policy that is off by default. Your administrator will need to set
                        policy <codeph>im.urlPreviewEnabled</codeph> to true.</note></li>
                <li><b>New Scheduled Meetings View</b> - Now you can join Sametime meetings from
                    your calendar without ever leaving the sametime app. Tap the meetings menu and,
                    you will see a new Scheduled list showing calendar events from your Verse and or
                    Apple calendar. Simply, tap the event in the list to join the associated
                    Sametime meeting, dial a conference number or open a detail view for the
                    calendar event.</li>
                <li><b>Pinned Meetings</b> - Pinned is the new name for the Saved meetings list and,
                    now it is much easier to add and remove meetings from the list. You can still
                    add them manually, but you can also use swipe menus on My Meetings and Recent
                    lists to Pin and Unpin individual meetings. To send a meeting link in a chat,
                    tap the meeting icon in the chat window and select a meeting from the list of
                    pinned meetings. </li>
                <li><b>CarPlay Preview</b> - With this release, we are making available the ability
                    to join the audio portion of meetings using CarPlay. Simply use the CarPlay UI
                    to list your My Meetings or Recents list and Start or Join meetings. You can
                    also use CarPlay to dial into meetings that have telephony configured.</li>
        <li><b>AppConfig Updates </b> - Support for setting the URL Preview policy is added to
                    AppConfig. We also removed some policy settings from AppConfig that you can
                    define using the server-based user policies. For more information, see, <xref
                        href="https://support.hcltechsw.com/csm?id=kb_article&amp;sysparm_article=KB0078619"
                        format="html" scope="external">Configuring HCL Sametime for iOS via an EMM
                        Provider</xref>. </li></ul></p></conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
