<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="c_release_11_6_5" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Release 11.6.5</title>
<shortdesc>Release 11.6.5 includes the following features.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Recent-meetings list improvements</dt>
<dd>With this release, you can view an extended day-by-day meeting history for meetings that you
joined. Before, the view was limited to your 15 most recent.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Updated drivingmode window</dt>
<dd>In release 11.6.4, an option was introduced that was used to switch to a driving mode client.
The feature detected that the meeting audio is directed over Bluetooth. In driving mode, a window
displays basic features such as mute and unmute, the name the person who is talking, and their
avatar, if available. Additional features were added in release 11.6.5: <ul>
<li>You can see the number of meeting participants.</li>
<li>The window context is improved to enhance use when mounted in a car.</li>
<li>The mute button is a large touch button.</li>
<li>A button for switching to dial-in is displayed, if the meeting has dial-in capability.</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>CarPlay cover window</dt>
<dd>If you use the CarPlay feature on an iOS device, when you connect to Sametime, the CarPlay cover
window is displayed while you drive. You can exit the cover window after you acknowlede that you
aren't driving.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Swipe down to refresh lists</dt>
<dd>All lists in the <wintitle>Meetings</wintitle> and <wintitle>My Recordings</wintitle> dialog
boxes are refreshed when you swipe down.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Notifications are displayed for new chat messages while you attend meeting</dt>
<dd>In previous releases, when you were in a meeting, and a new chat message arrived, the "unread"
number next to the back arrow on the meeting window is increased. This number let the user know
there a new chat message was available, but it required the user to exit the meeting into
picture-in-picture (PiP) mode to see who sent the message. With this release, the update the unread
count features are enhanced: post notifications are provided so that the user knows who sent the
messages without going to PiP mode. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Save meeting passwords</dt>
<dd>You can securely save meeting passwords so that you can join meetings more quickly. An
administrator can disable this feature with the <parmname>im.mobile.disablePasswordSave</parmname>
user policy.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Performance improvements</dt>
<dd>Chats load more quickly without excessive scrolling.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>New switch to dial-in menu</dt>
<dd>When you're in a meeting, you can use the <uicontrol>Meeting Overflow</uicontrol> menu to switch
to dial in to the meeting, if the meeting supports it. This capability is useful when network
coverage is too weak to support the meeting audio over a data connection. By dialing in, you will
leave the meeting and attend the telephone over your network.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>New driving mode</dt>
<dd>A new driving mode option is designed for mobile users whose automobiles don't support CarPlay.
While you're in a meeting, [the product] detects the switch to Bluetooth audio, and then a prompt is
sent to the user to switch to driving mode. The driving mode resembles the CarPlay window with
oversized buttons for easy muting, leaving, and switching to dial-in. The current speaker's name is
also a displayed . Users can also switch to driving mode at any time by using the <uicontrol>Meeting
Overflow</uicontrol> menu.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>CarPlay update</dt>
<dd>The CarPlay window displays the name of the participant who is talking in a meeting. <note>With
11.6.4, for best results, log in to Sametime in the foreground when you connect to CarPlay to join a
meeting.</note></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</conbody>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
