<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="c_release_eleven" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Release 11.6.0</title>
    <shortdesc>Release 11.6.0 includes the following new features.</shortdesc>
    <conbody><p><ul>
                <li><b>Telephony Support</b> - Now participants can dial into your meeting using the
                    phone with the new TeamCall Meeting Gateway. See <xref
                        href="https://blog.hcltechsw.com/sametime/hcl-digital-solutions-announces-first-telephony-partnership-for-hcl-sametime/" format="html" scope="external"
                        >New Sametime features</xref> for more information.</li>
                <li><b>Recordings Management</b> - The new Recordings item on the main menu will
                    list recordings from meetings that you own. You can stream the recording on your
                    mobile (even sharing to an external device using AirPlay), download them for
                    later viewing, copy a link for sharing with others, rename them and remove them
                    from the server. <note id="note_grw_gx3_vpb">Note that by default downloading of
                        recordings is disabled with user policy. Your administrator will need to set
                        policy im.mobile.allowReceiveFiles to true.</note></li>
                <li><b>Conversation Pinning</b> - Now you can keep your favorite Sametime chat
                    partners at the top of your active chat list simply by swiping right on the
                    conversation and selecting the Pin action. </li>
                <li><b>Lecture Style meetings</b> - Lecture-style meetings give you more control
                    over larger meetings. Attendees automatically join in a listen-only mode. They
                    can raise their virtual hand in the ongoing meeting if they have a question or
                    wish to speak and wait for a moderator to grant permission.</li>
        <li><b>Handling for End-to-end (E2E) Encrypted meetings</b> - E2E Encrypted meetings are in
                    preview mode with the 11.6 Sametime Meeting server. Currently, there is no
                    support for mobile clients, prohibiting mobile joins. When the E2E encryption is
                    on in an ongoing meeting, Mobile clients receive a prompt message to leave the
                    meeting as they cannot hear audio or see the presentation. </li> 
        <li><b>Multi-tenant meetings support </b> - Our business partners who host Sametime
                    infrastructure can now configure multi-tenancy for meetings.</li>
        <li><b>URL Previews</b> - With this new feature, URLs sent or received in a chat can show a
                    preview of the page that the URL represents. <note>Note that this behavior is
                        controlled by user policy and is off by default. Your administrator will
                        need to set policy im.urlPreviewEnabled to true.</note></li>
        <li><b>Start/Stop meeting recordings from mobile</b> - Available since 11.5 with the browser
                    client, moderators can now start and stop meeting recordings from the mobile
                    client.</li> <li><b>Manage new in-meeting settings from mobile</b> - With the 11.6 clients, when you open
                    settings in a meeting on the mobile client, you can now manage the new meetings
                    feature settings like lecture style, telephony and recording sharing. </li></ul></p></conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
