<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="video_chatting_android_device" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Video chatting on your Android device</title>
<shortdesc>You can initiate a video chat with someone on your contacts list from IBM Connections
Chat on your Android device.</shortdesc>
<concept id="initiating_video_chat">
<title>Initiating a video chat </title>
<conbody>
<p>To begin a video chat with someone in your contacts list, press the video chat icon from their
Person Card. They will receive a notification that you wish to begin a video chat and either accept
or decline it.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<concept id="receiving_video_chat">
<title>Receiving a video chat request </title>
<conbody>
<p>If someone attempts to initiate a video chat with you, you will receive a notification on your
screen. The following options are available:</p>
<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_ics_lrc_rhb">
<title>Video chat request options</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Option</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Answer</entry>
<entry>Accept the request and begin the video chat.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Decline</entry>
<entry>Decline the chat invitation.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</conbody>
</concept>
<concept id="participating_video_chat">
<title>Participating in a video chat </title>
<conbody>
<p>Once a video chat has begun, you and your chat partner will both see and hear each other through
your device. Your contact will appear in a video frame, with a small preview version of your own
feed in the top, right corner. </p>
<note>The preview version of your video feed can be relocated by pressing and dragging the window to
one of the four corners of your contact's video feed.</note>
<p>Once the video chat has begun, you can display the chat option bar by tapping the video of your
contact. The following options are available:<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1"
id="table_xhy_dsc_rhb">
<title>Video chat options</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Option</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>End Call</entry>
<entry>End the video chat.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Stop Video</entry>
<entry>Temporarily suspend video transmission from your device. Your chat partner will still receive
your audio.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Mute Audio</entry>
<entry>Temporarily mute the audio from your device. Your chat partner will still receive your video
transmission.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Hold Call</entry>
<entry>Pause the call completely, temporarily suspending both your audio and video
transmissions.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Switch Camera</entry>
<entry>Switch between your device's two camera, usually front or back. This option is only available
on devices with multiple cameras.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Full Screen</entry>
<entry>Enter full screen mode. This expands the video feed from your chat partner across the entire
screen of your device. <p>To exit full screen mode, make a pinching gesture on the screen, double
tap the screen, or press the Embedded Video button from the options bar.</p><note>This option only
appears if you are in embedded video mode.</note></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Embedded Video</entry>
<entry>Enter embedded video mode. This shrinks a full screen video feed back to an embedded version
in the IBM Connections Chat client.<note>This option only appears if you are in full screen
mode.</note></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p>
<p>If, during the course of the conversation, you navigate away from the video chat, you can return
to it in one of three ways:<ul>
<li>Navigate back to your chat partner’s Person Card using the Contacts tab. </li>
<li>Choose your chat partner's contact from the Favorites tab, if he or she has previously been
marked as a favorite. </li>
<li>Tap the Video Chat tab from the left menu.</li>
</ul></p>
<note>Video will be muted when you navigate away from it.</note>
</conbody>
</concept>
<concept id="using_video_chat_tab">
<title>Using the Video Chat tab </title>
<conbody>
<p>If no video chat is presently occurring, tapping the Video Chat tab from the left menu displays a
video chat list, showing a record of all video chats that have occurred on the device, with the most
recent video chat at the top. The list indicates with icons whether a video chat was initiated by
you, received by you, or declined by you. Tapping on any of the list items displays the Person Card
of that chat partner.</p>
<p>If a video chat is presently occurring, tapping the Video Chat tab from the left menu will return
you to the chat if you have navigated away from it. In addition, the icon for this tab will pulse
red when video is being transmitted during a chat.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
