<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="c_whats_new" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>New features in HCL Sametime 12 for Android</title>
  <shortdesc>HCL <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> for Android version 12 has new
    features and enhancements.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <section id="section_lxs_jzx_dvb">
      <title>12.0.2</title>
      <p>The following new features are only available when using the 12.0.2 version of the mobile
        app.</p>
      <parml id="parml_mxs_jzx_dvb">
        <plentry>
          <pt>Content sharing</pt>
          <pd>Content such as images, URLs, files, and text can be shared with the Sametime app
            using the mobile device sharing feature.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Filter your active chats</pt>
          <pd>When viewing active chats you can filter on one-to-one chats, group chats, and meeting
            chats. </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Managing the waiting room</pt>
          <pd>Mobile moderators can manage the waiting room. Moderators who attend a meeting on a
            mobile device can admit other participants who are in the waiting room.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
    </section>
    <section id="section_llg_hby_dvb">
      <title>12.0</title>
      <p>The following new features are only available when using the 12.0.2 version of the mobile
        app.</p>
      <parml id="parml_uym_gby_dvb">
        <plentry>
          <pt>Server based Recent Meetings </pt>
          <pd>With version 12.0 the Recent Meetings list queries the server to get recent meetings
            update. This update means that your Recent Meetings list is same no matter which client
            you use to display them. Because you can use mobile clients can to join meetings on
            multiple servers you might see some discrepancy between the Recents list on a mobile
            client and the Recents list on the browser or another mobile client. This discrepancy
            happens because the mobile client also lists joined meetings on other servers whereas
            the browser only lists joined meetings that are on the server you're connected to.
            Meetings that you joined on servers prior to version 12.0 are still stored locally and
            then merged with the version 12.0 meetings in the Recent Meetings list.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>New meeting filters for viewing the list of recent meetings</pt>
          <pd>By default, when you view meetings listed in <uicontrol>Recent</uicontrol>, all
            meetings that you joined while logged into the app are listed. The list includes meeting
            that used a Sametime 12 server or an earlier version. With the Sametime mobile app
            version 12.0, you can customize the list by using the following filters:<dl
              id="dl_vym_gby_dvb">
              <dlentry>
                <dt>My Meetings</dt>
                <dd>Lists the meetings that you own. The list includes meetings that you joined and
                  those that you didn't join.</dd>
              </dlentry>
              <dlentry>
                <dt>Recordings</dt>
                <dd>Lists the meetings that you have joined and have an associated recording.</dd>
              </dlentry>
              <dlentry>
                <dt>Calls</dt>
                <dd>Lists the calls that you participated in.</dd>
              </dlentry>
            </dl></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Meeting reports and recordings</pt>
          <pd>Meeting owners have access to reports for their meetings. You can access these reports
            by opening the <uicontrol>Recent</uicontrol> tab and then tapping the More menu icon.
            You can view two reports: Summary Report and Full Report. If the meeting was recorded,
            the More menu includes the recordings.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Muting conversations</pt>
          <pd>With version 12.0, you can mute individual conversations. The ability to mute is
            helpful when you participate in a group that that is very active.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Click to call</pt>
          <pd>With this feature you can connect directly with a contact or group by clicking the
            call icon in the upper right of the chat window. When you place a call, a new meeting
            starts. Those you call receive a join message and are placed into the meeting when they
            join the call.</pd>
          <pd>Version 12.0 includes notification settings for incoming calls.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Meeting modes enhancement</pt>
          <pd>When you create a meeting, you can select a mode for the type of meeting. Each mode
            has a set of options with the most common mode setting already selected. You can choose
            from three modes: <ul id="ul_wym_gby_dvb">
              <li>Collaboration: Flexible and fully customizable </li>
              <li>Confidential: Maximum level of security </li>
              <li>Lecture: Ideal for large moderated meetings</li>
            </ul></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>File transfer</pt>
          <pd>In addition to sending pictures from the camera or a photos app, in version 12.0 you
            can send files in a chat. The files are uploaded and saved as a link in the chat that
            you or a chat partner can download later. The HCL Sametime mobile app uses the Files app
            to select the file to send. Files that you download are also saved in the Files app.
              <note id="note_xym_gby_dvb">The mobile client does not support the previous file
              transfer method, where you had to be online to receive the file.</note></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Token Login</pt>
          <pd>When you log in to the Sametime server with login credentials, secure tokens are sent
            to the client for use throughout the session. These tokens are also used to authenticate
            with the Sametime meeting service. The tokens can also be used to authenticate the
            session instead of using login credentials. The use of secure tokens permit a login
            session to persistent while the secure tokens remain valid. The session ends when you
            use the <uicontrol>Logout</uicontrol> menu option or when the token expires. </pd>
          <pd>The <uicontrol>Remain online</uicontrol> setting takes precedent in determining how
            long to remain logged in when the HCL Sametime app runs in the background until the
            setting expires. When the HCL Sametime app is running in the foreground, the secure
            tokens are used to login if they haven't expired.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Meeting waiting room support</pt>
          <pd>When you join a meeting that was configured with a waiting room, you enter the waiting
            room until you are either admitted or denied access to the meeting. Messages from the
            meeting owner are displayed in the waiting room.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Custom branding for meetings</pt>
          <pd>Business customers can use their own branding for meetings. Administrators can
            configure the Sametime server to use a business logo which is displayed on screens that
            display during the join process.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <parml id="parml_yym_gby_dvb">
        <plentry>
          <pt>New policy default options for the mobile app</pt>
          <pd>Policies that the login process passes down specify the behavior of the HCL Sametime
            mobile app. The Sametime administrator uses policies to turn on and off features. For
            example, administrators can use file transfer policies to turn off file transfer when
            they assess that the security risks in the customer's environment are too great.</pd>
          <pd>In Sametime 12.0, the default settings for many mobile policies are updated to enable
            all mobile features. However, an administrator can modify them to meet the needs of the
            organization. For details about policies, see the HCL Sametime Administrator Guide. The
              <xref href="https://help.hcltechsw.com/sametime/12/admin/c_mobileclient_policies.html"
              scope="external" format="html">Mobile client policies</xref> topic describes the
            policies that the mobile client uses.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
