<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="working_with_your_contacts" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Working with your contacts</title>
<shortdesc>You can use the Contacts screen to manage your contact lists, view contact information,
as well as engage in text chats with your contact.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>You can view the screen by pressing the Contacts button in the left action bar on a tablet, or
from the Options menu on a phone. Press the All Contacts link at the top of the list display all of
your contacts, organized alphabetically by name. You can scroll through the lists of contacts and
groups using your fingers. Press the contact you are looking for to open the Person Card associated
with it.</p>
</conbody>
<concept id="concept_cr5_fmb_rhb">
<title>Working with groups </title>
<conbody>
<p>Navigate through the groups you have created by pressing them in the list. You navigate through
sub-groups in the same way, with each having its own list in a separate pane. You can also swipe
back and forth between the different cards using your fingers. When you find the contact you are
looking for, press the name to open the Person Card associated with it.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<concept id="working_with_groups">
<title>Working with Person Cards</title>
<conbody>
<p>Whenever you press the name of a contact, its Person Card displays. The Person Card is a central
hub for getting information about and interacting with your contacts. There are several options
available from the Person Card:</p>
<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_idp_qmb_rhb">
<title>Person Card options</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Option</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Information tab</entry>
<entry>Provides basic information about your contact, including: <ul>
<li>Email address - Press an address to send a message to your contact using your device's mail
application.</li>
<li>Phone number - Press a phone number to initiate a Chat with your contact. If you have more than
one calling method configured on your device, a drop down menu will display your calling options.
Press one to initiate the call.</li>
<li>Physical address - Press the physical address of your contact to display its location in your
device's map application.</li>
</ul></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Chat tab</entry>
<entry>Opens the chat pane for you to initiate a text chat with your contact. For more information,
refer to <xref href="c_textchatting_android_device.dita#text_chatting_android_device"/></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Action Menu button</entry>
<entry>Provides additional options for your contact, including: <ul>
<li>Add/Remove From Favorites - Lets you add or remove this contact from your Favorites list. Only
available from the Information tab of the Person Card.</li>
<li>Add to Connections Contacts - Allows you to add the contact to your device's internal contact
list. Only available from the Information tab of the Person Card.</li>
<li>Rename Contact - Change the name of the contact. Only available from the Information tab of the
Person Card.</li>
<li>Export to Address Book - Add the contact and his/her information to the address book on your
device. Only available from the Information tab of the Person Card.</li>
<li>Add Contact - Add your chat partner to your Contacts list. Only available from the Chat tab of
the Person Card.</li>
<li>Add Group - Add your chat partner to a group in your Contacts list. Only available from the Chat
tab of the Person Card.</li>
<li>Start Group Chat - Invite other contacts to this chat. Only available from the Chat tab of the
Person Card.</li>
<li>Insert Emoticon - Insert an emoticon in this chat. Only available from the Chat tab of the
Person Card.</li>
<li>Send Photo - Send a photo in this chat. Only available from the Chat tab of the Person
Card.</li>
<li>Call - Call the contact using your default calling method. Only available from the Chat tab of
the Person Card.</li>
<li>Send an Announcement - Starts the announcement dialog, with this contact listed first in the
addresses list. Add additional contacts, enter the message text, then press Send to send the
announcement to the selected contacts.</li>
<li>Close Chat - End the chat. Only available from the Chat tab of the Person Card.</li>
<li>About - Displays information about your version of HCL Connections Chat. </li>
<li>Settings - Opens the Settings menu for Connections Chat. </li>
<li>Logout - Logout of Connections Chat.</li>
</ul></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p>You can switch among Person Cards by tapping the spinner on top of each one. The spinner shows a
list of the currently active Person Cards, regardless of view. </p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?tm 1364930070 2?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002132?>
