<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="t_add_community_manual" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Adding a community manually</title>
  <?Pub Caret 3?>
  <shortdesc>Selecting <uicontrol>Add Manually</uicontrol>, the <wintitle>Add Communities</wintitle>
    screen displays.</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <steps id="steps_z15_4mp_dtb">
      <step>
        <cmd>Enter information about the server.</cmd>
        <info>
          <dl id="dl_en4_qmp_dtb">
            <dlentry>
              <dt>Name</dt>
              <dd>The display name that you use for this community.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
              <dt>Server</dt>
              <dd>The server host URL.  Provide the fully qualified Sametime server host name or IP
                address.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
              <dt>Port</dt>
              <dd>The server port number. The default port number is 443.</dd>
            </dlentry>
          </dl>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Expand <uicontrol>Advanced Properties</uicontrol> for additional properties required by
          some connection. </cmd>
        <info>
          <parml id="parml_swn_cnp_dtb">
            <plentry>
              <pt>Secure connection</pt>
              <pd>Indicates if a secure HTTPS connection is to be used.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>Security</pt>
              <pd>Allow untrusted SSL or not.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>Authenticating Proxy</pt>
              <pd>Specify if an authentication proxy is to be used. The default value is for a
                direct connection to be used. However, if your host server is behind a firewall, you
                may need to use an authenticating proxy. Selecting Authentication Proxy requires
                credentials used to authenticate with the proxy. Contact your administrator for
                details.</pd>
            </plentry>
          </parml>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>When you finish, tap <uicontrol>Validate</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Enter your credentials.</cmd>
        <info>You can save your password for future logins by turning on <uicontrol>Remember
            Password</uicontrol>. </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Tap <menucascade>
            <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>
            <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol>
          </menucascade> to store your information.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Respond to the license agreement.</cmd>
        <info>The log in page displays. Enter your password and select your status. Click
            <uicontrol>Log In</uicontrol> to access the chat community.</info>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
