<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="setting_onlinestatus" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Changing your status</title>
<?Pub Caret 3?>
<shortdesc>Your online status includes your availability and status message. The top of the
    application menu displays this information. Tap your current status to make changes. Other
    logged-in Sametime users can see your online status.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step>
        <cmd>Tap the <uicontrol>menu</uicontrol> icon.</cmd>
      </step>
<step>
    <cmd>Tap your current availability status at the top of the menu to display the status message
     screen.</cmd>
   </step>
 <step>
    <cmd>Select a status.</cmd>
    <info>After you log in, by default your status is "I am available". You can change your
          availability status to one of the following states:<ul>
            <li>I am available</li>
            <li>I am away</li>
            <li>I am in a meeting</li>
            <li>Do not disturb</li>
          </ul></info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>To add a custom message or more details to your status, tap <uicontrol>Add more details to
      your status</uicontrol>.</cmd>
    <info>
     <p>A text field opens where you can type a status message. For example, if you choose
              <uicontrol>Away</uicontrol>, you might add a custom message such as <userinput>At a
              doctor's appointment</userinput>.</p>
          <p>You can add a custom message for each status. The message remains with that status
            until you change or remove the message. When you tap a status, you see all custom
            messages that you use with it. When you have multiple messages associated with a status,
            you can select which one to use by tapping it.</p>
     <p>To remove a message, select the message and swipe left.</p>
    </info>
   </step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
