<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="t_share_content" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Sharing content a mobile device</title>
  <?Pub Caret 3?>
  <shortdesc>You can share content with the Sametime app using your mobile device sharing feature.
    You can share URL links, images, text, and files that are on your mobile device.</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="context_knh_3lv_f5b">
      <p>Depending on your mobile device, content sharing is available from several mobile apps.
        This feature allows you to send data from a mobile app to your Sametime chat partners. When
        you tap the share icon a list of apps displays. Locate and tap the HCL Sametime app. The
        procedure for the data that you want to send might be different depending on the data and
        your mobile device.</p>
      <p>After tapping the Sametime app, the app opens to a <wintitle>Share</wintitle> screen.
        Optionally, you can write a message in the text box to accompanying the content being
        shared. Select a chat from the list or use the search field to locate the recipient. When
        finished click the send icon.<ul id="ul_bw1_ct4_fvb">
          <li>Images and text are received inline with message content</li>
          <li>URLs are received as a links. Tap the URL to open in a browser.</li>
          <li>Files are received as a link, tap Download to save the file onto your mobile
            device.</li>
        </ul></p>
    </context>
  </taskbody>
</task>
