<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="working_with_server_community_manager" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Working with the Server Community Manager</title>
<?Pub Caret 3?>
<shortdesc>The Server Community Manager allows you to create and maintain more than one set of
server connection information and login ID and password information for a variety of Connections
communities. Typically, the initial connection information is set up by your
administrator.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>From the login panel, choose the <uicontrol>Connectivity</uicontrol> action. The Server Community
Manager displays. Your default settings (those initially configured for the device by your
administrator) are stored in the community item named <uicontrol>Default</uicontrol>.</p>
<p>The Server Community Manager lists all current available server communities. You can press the
check box to select which community settings are the currently activate settings. Only one can be
checked at a time.</p>
<p>You can add additional server communities by performing the following procedure:</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Press the <uicontrol>Add server community</uicontrol> button at the bottom of the list.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Choose either <uicontrol>My company's server</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>HCL Connections
Cloud</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<task id="create_connections_community">
<title>Create Connections community</title>
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>The <uicontrol>My company's server</uicontrol> option allows you to create a Connections
community for your company's private Connections server. </p>
<p>To do so, perform the following procedure:</p>
<note>If your administrator supplies a configuration URL, you can use it to set up these parameters
automatically. Select the configuration URL from your mobile device where Connections is installed.
This will invoke Connections and populate the Community server information provided in the URL. You
will then be at the login screen to enter your user and password information.</note>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>My company's server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Fill in the dialog with the following settings:</cmd>
</step>
<stepsection>
<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_v1q_q4j_rhb">
<title>Server Community</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Option</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Community name</entry>
<entry>The original name for the community. It must be a unique name among all the other community
names on your device.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Server</entry>
<entry>The URL for the Community's Connections Proxy server.<note>Connections Chat connects to a
Connections Proxy server and the Android client will not work without it. </note></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Secure Connection</entry>
<entry>Determines if the connection uses SSL.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Allow Untrusted SSL</entry>
<entry>If set, this allows you to log into a Connections server with an untrusted certificate.
Generally this is not recommended </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Port</entry>
<entry>The port used to connect to the community server.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Authenticating proxy settings</entry>
<entry>Proxy settings for connecting to the community server, if necessary.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>User ID</entry>
<entry>The user ID you use to connect to the community.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Password</entry>
<entry>The password for your user ID.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Save password</entry>
<entry>Sets whether or not the application remembers your password in between connections.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</stepsection>
<step>
<cmd>Press the <uicontrol>Back</uicontrol> action to save connectivity settings and return to the
Server Community Manager.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<task id="connections_cloud">
<title>HCL Connections Cloud</title>
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>The <uicontrol>HCL Connections Cloud</uicontrol> option allows you to create a Connections
community as part of the global HCL Connections Cloud service. </p>
<p>To do so, perform the following procedure:</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>HCL Connections Cloud</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Change the name of the HCL Connections Cloud community, if desired. The default is HCL
Connections Cloud.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Enter your HCL Connections Cloud user name and password.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Press the <uicontrol>Back</uicontrol> action to save connectivity settings and return to the
Server Community Manager.</cmd>
<info>
<p>You can create multiple communities using the above procedures. HCL Connections Cloud communities
display in the Communities panel along with local server communities. If you have multiple
communities, click on the community in the <uicontrol>Communities</uicontrol> panel that you want to
use.</p>
<p>If the administrator adds a server community with Mobile Device Management (MDM), you can view
the server settings but will only be able to edit the User ID and Password fields.</p>
</info>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003147?>
