<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="working_connections_chat" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Working with the Connections Chat About screen</title>
<shortdesc>The Connections Chat 'About' Screen provides you with important information regarding
your installed version of Connections Chat.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Depending on your device, you may see either four or five different sections:</p>
<section>
<title>Help</title>
<p>Contains a link to the online HCL Connections Chat Help documentation.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>HCL Connections Chat</title>
<p>Important information regarding the current build and version number of your installed
application.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Managing Agent</title>
<p>Connections Chat supports mobile device management (MDM). If your device and company supports
MDM, then this section will appear with the MDM logo and the name of the managing agent. Clicking on
the name or logo will redirect you to the installed MDM application on your device. For more
information regarding MDM integration, speak with your administrator.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Support</title>
<p>Contains helpful links and information regarding your device. <uicontrol>Report a
Problem</uicontrol> can be used to send a mail with the issue you are experiencing. If you are
working with customer support, they may ask you to select the other option, <uicontrol>View
Log</uicontrol>, to try and diagnose your application. Finally, <uicontrol>Device ID</uicontrol> is
your device's unique identification.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>License</title>
<p>In this section you can view the 'Software License Agreement' and other legal notices and
trademarks. </p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002344?>
