<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="sametime_unified_telephony_features" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Using Sametime Unified Telephony features on an iOS device</title>
<shortdesc>HCL Connections Chat for iOS has the ability to place Sametime® Unified Telephony calls
as well as change where your incoming Sametime Unified Telephony calls are routed.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<note>HCL Connections Chat for iOS does not support the receiving of in-bound calls using Sametime
Unified Telephony or Connections Voice. </note>
<p>The Connections Chat for iOS client supports the following Sametime Unified Telephony features.
To verify that you have Sametime Unified Telephony enabled on your Apple device, when you log into a
Sametime Unified Telephony enabled server through your Connections Chat for iOS device you will see
a Call icon on the tab bar (iPhone) or at the top of the screen (iPad). Also, under
<uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Voice and Video </uicontrol> (iPad) or
<uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Connections Voice</uicontrol> (iPhone), pressing the
blue indicator button on the Connections Voice Chat option opens a view for the Sametime Unified
Telephony settings. <ul>
<li>Place a Sametime Unified Telephony call to a contact from your Connections Chat contact list. </li>
<li>Dial an external number from the standard Apple device dialer, and have it be placed through
Sametime Unified Telephony. </li>
<li>Override your call routing rules with a specified preferred device.</li>
<li>For Android tablets, a dialer is built into the Connections client, since tablets do not have a
native dialer.</li>
</ul></p>
</conbody>
<concept id="sametime_unified_telephony_settings">
<title>Sametime Unified Telephony Settings </title>
<shortdesc>To access the Sametime Unified Telephony settings screen, select
<uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Voice and Video</uicontrol> (iPad) or
<uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Connections Voice</uicontrol> (iPhone). Select the blue
indicator button in the Connections Voice Chat option. </shortdesc>
<conbody/>
<concept id="overriding_sametime_unified_telephony_rules">
<title>Overriding Sametime Unified Telephony rules </title>
<conbody>
<p>The desktop Connections Connect client allows you to set up call routing rules that determine
what number you can be reached at when someone places a call to you via Sametime Unified Telephony.
This is good since the caller only needs to either call your Sametime Unified Telephony unified
number, or select click to call on your contact entry, and the Sametime Unified Telephony server
will handle the details of parsing the rules and calling the correct physical phone number. </p>
<p>While the Apple client does not give you the ability to create your own incoming call rules, it
does provide the ability to override them and have all your incoming calls go to a specific phone.
This is useful, for example, if you are traveling and forget to change your call rules on your
desktop client. </p>
<p>To override your Sametime Unified Telephony rules, select <uicontrol>Override SUT
Rules</uicontrol>. This will open the Preferred device view which contains all your preset preferred
devices. Select the phone you want the incoming calls to come to. </p>
</conbody>
</concept>
</concept>
<concept id="using_mobile_number">
<title>Using a mobile number</title>
<conbody>
<p>By default, the Sametime Unified Telephony ring back number is set to your Apple device's number.
The ringback number is the number that rings when you initiate a Sametime Unified Telephony call.
You can choose to <uicontrol>Use Connections Voice</uicontrol> or you can change this ringback
number (for example, to a nearby desktop phone in a hotel or conference room). Enter a new ringback
number by selecting the <uicontrol>Ringback Number</uicontrol> field and typing in a new number.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
