<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="video_chatting" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Video chatting</title>
<shortdesc>You can initiate a video chat with someone on your contacts list from HCL Connections
Chat on your Apple device.</shortdesc>
<concept id="initiating_video_chat">
<title>Initiating a video chat </title>
<conbody>
<p>There are several ways to being a video chat:</p>
<ul>
<li>Press the <uicontrol>Start a Video Chat</uicontrol> option from the contact's business card.
(iPhone only)</li>
<li>Select the <uicontrol>Video Chat</uicontrol> button on the top right hand corner of the business
card. (iPad only)</li>
<li>At the top of an in progress chat window, select the <uicontrol>Video Chat</uicontrol> button.
(iPhone only)</li>
</ul>
<p>The person will receive a notification that you wish to begin a video chat and either accept or
decline it. </p>
<p>If a video chat is already in progress with one of your contacts and you have navigated away from
it, you can resume it one of several ways:</p>
<ul>
<li>Tap the <uicontrol>Video Call In Progress</uicontrol> bar at the top of the screen (iPhone
only).</li>
<li>Navigate back to the business card for your chat partner (iPad only).</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Resume this Video Chat</uicontrol> from the contact's business card (iPhone
only).</li>
<li>Select the <uicontrol>Video Chat</uicontrol> tab (iPhone and iPad).</li>
</ul>
</conbody>
</concept>
<concept id="receiving_video_chat">
<title>Receiving a video chat request </title>
<conbody>
<p>If someone attempts to initiate a video chat with you, you will receive a notification on your
screen. The following options are available:</p>
<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_ics_lrc_rhb">
<title>Video chat request options</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Option</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Answer</entry>
<entry>Accept the request and begin the video chat.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Answer with Audio Only</entry>
<entry>Accept the request as an audio chat instead of a video chat.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Decline</entry>
<entry>Decline the chat invitation.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</conbody>
</concept>
<concept id="participating_video_chat">
<title>Participating in a video chat </title>
<conbody>
<p>Once a video chat has begun, you and your chat partner will both see and hear each other through
your device. Your contact will appear in a video frame, with a small preview version of your own
feed in the top, right corner. </p>
<note>The preview version of your video feed can be relocated by pressing and dragging the window to
one of the four corners of your contact's video feed.</note>
<p>Once the video chat has begun, you can display the chat option bar by tapping the video of your
contact. The following options are available:<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1"
id="table_xhy_dsc_rhb">
<title>Video chat options</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Option</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>End Call</entry>
<entry>End the video chat.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Stop Video</entry>
<entry>Temporarily suspend video transmission from your device. Your chat partner will still receive
your audio.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Mute Audio</entry>
<entry>Temporarily mute the audio from your device. Your chat partner will still receive your video
transmission.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Hold Call</entry>
<entry>Pause the call completely, temporarily suspending both your audio and video
transmissions.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Switch Camera</entry>
<entry>Switch between your device's two camera, usually front or back. This option is only available
on devices with multiple cameras.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Full Screen</entry>
<entry>Enter full screen mode. This expands the video feed from your chat partner across the entire
screen of your device. <p>To exit full screen mode, make a pinching gesture on the screen, double
tap the screen, or press the Embedded Video button from the options bar.</p><note>This option only
appears if you are in embedded video mode.</note></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Minimize Video</entry>
<entry>On an iPad, this shrinks a full screen video feed to an embedded version in the HCL
Connections Chat client. On an iPhone, this dismisses the video and puts the client on Hold until
the video is resumed.<note>On an iPad, this option only appears if you are in full screen
mode.</note></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p>
<p>If, during the course of the conversation, you navigate away from the video chat, you can return
to it in one of four ways:<ul>
<li>Tap the <uicontrol>Video Call in Progress</uicontrol> banner at the top of the device
screen.</li>
<li>Navigate back to your chat partner’s Business Card using the Contacts tab. </li>
<li>Choose your chat partner's contact from the Favorites tab, if he or she has previously been
marked as a favorite. </li>
<li>Tap the <uicontrol>Video Chat</uicontrol> tab from the More menu. If a video chat is in
progress, the tab will pulse red.</li>
</ul></p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<concept id="using_video_chat_tab">
<title>Using the Video Chat tab </title>
<conbody>
<p>If no video chat is presently occurring, tapping the <uicontrol>Video Chat</uicontrol> tab from
the <uicontrol>More</uicontrol> menu displays a video chat list, showing a record of all video chats
that have occurred on the device, with the most recent video chat at the top. The list indicates
with icons whether a video chat was initiated by you, received by you, declined by you, or if you
missed any calls. Tapping on any of the list items displays the Business Card of that chat
partner.</p>
<p>If a video chat is presently occurring, tapping the <uicontrol>Video Chat</uicontrol> tab will
return you to the chat if you have navigated away from it. </p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<concept id="configuring_video_chat">
<title>Configuring video chat </title>
<conbody>
<p>To configure video chat options, select <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> from the
<uicontrol>More</uicontrol> menu. Then select Voice and Video. You can choose the method for placing
calls and whether or not to enable both voice and video chats, voice chats only, as well as restrict
chat calls to WiFi connections only.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
