<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="st9_imb_group" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>How do I add a group to my contact list?</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Chat: How do I add a group to my contact list?</searchtitle><?Pub
Caret 27?>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Populate your contact list by adding groups to it.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p otherprops="st">There are two types of groups: personal
groups and public groups.</p><p>You create your own personal groups
and select the contacts that you want to add to them. Any personal
groups that you create display only on your contact list. </p><p
otherprops="st">You search for, and then add, public groups to your
contact list. Public groups are created by your system administrator.
Each public group has a previously defined list of members. You cannot
change who is a member of a public group.</p></context>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd>Click <b>+</b><menucascade>
      <uicontrol>New Group</uicontrol>
     </menucascade>.</cmd>
   </step>
<step otherprops="st"><cmd>Select the type of group you want to add.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Add a new personal group</uicontrol> to
name the group that you want to add.</cmd><info>After you add a personal
group, add contacts to it.</info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Search for a public group</uicontrol> to
find a public group to which you have access.</cmd><info>After you
add a public group, all members of that group display on your contact
list.</info></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step otherprops="LL"><cmd>Enter a name for the group that you want
to add in the <uicontrol>New Group</uicontrol> field.</cmd></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>If you want this group to be a subgroup
of an existing group in your contact list, click <uicontrol>Add as
a subgroup to the selected group</uicontrol> and then select a name
from the <uicontrol>Add to group</uicontrol> field.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>You can add any contacts that you want to display for this group.</stepresult>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002841?>
