<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="t_create_meeting" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Creating a new meeting</title>
  <shortdesc>The creating a new room option allows users to create a new meeting room in the task
    pane. </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click the Sametime add-in logo.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Add Meeting</uicontrol></cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>+ New Meeting</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Type a unique name in the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Select a meeting mode.</cmd>
        <choices id="choices_inp_jxb_dtb">
          <choice>Select <uicontrol>Collaboration</uicontrol> if the meeting is open to anyone that
            is provided with the meeting link.</choice>
          <choice>Select <uicontrol>Confidential</uicontrol> if the meeting is restricted to a
            designated set of participants. You expect all participants to use credentials to access
            the meeting. If guest access is allowed, you must have waiting room enabled.</choice>
          <choice>Select <uicontrol>Lecture</uicontrol> if the meeting participants are to be in
            listen-only mode. This choice is suited for presentations type meetings.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Select meeting settings. Settings vary based on the meeting mode that you
          selected.</cmd>
        <info>
          <parml id="parml_jnp_jxb_dtb">
            <plentry>
              <pt>Conference dial-in</pt>
              <pd>When enabled, anyone with the meeting details can join. </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>Password protected</pt>
              <pd>When enabled, a password is required for the meeting. Define the meeting password
                in the text box. Passwords must be at least eight characters. </pd>
              <pd>This is a required setting for confidential-mode meetings.<p><uicontrol>Meeting
                    password</uicontrol> requires all participants, including moderators and owners,
                  to enter a password to join the meeting.</p></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>Waiting room</pt>
              <pd>Enable to place participants into a waiting room until you let them into the
                meeting.</pd>
              <pd>Click <uicontrol>Members can bypass</uicontrol> to allow for meeting members not
                to be placed into the waiting and directly enter the meeting.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>Conference dial-in</pt>
              <pd/>
            </plentry>
          </parml>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Manage meeting participants access and more in the <uicontrol>Member access
          </uicontrol> section</cmd>
        <info>
          <parml id="parml_udr_wyj_gtb">
            <plentry>
              <pt>Allow guests</pt>
              <pd>When enabled, guests or people outside of the organization can join the
                meeting.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>Manage access</pt>
              <pd>The Manage access feature allows you to add moderators to the meeting.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>Moderated</pt>
              <pd>This setting determines who can start the meeting. If enabled, only moderators can
                start the meeting and control participant features such as who can present during
                the meeting. </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>Restricted</pt>
              <pd>This setting enables the meeting hosts to restrict who has access to the
                meeting.</pd>
            </plentry>
          </parml>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add to event</uicontrol> to add the meeting to the Outlook
          event.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002118?>
