<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="admin_st_mng_files_comm" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Client configuration files used for managing communities</title>
<shortdesc>These are the options to configure <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm>
  Eclipse based clients for users connected to the Sametime Community server. The Eclipse based
  clients include the HCL Sametime rich client for Windows and Mac OS, as well as the <tm
   tmtype="reg" trademark="HCL">HCL</tm> Notes client with the embedded Sametime client.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
  <p>Use managed-settings.xml and managed-community-configs.xml for clients which are already
   installed.</p>
  <p>Use the plugin_customization.ini file to customize the client install.</p>
<table><title>Client configuration file names, locations, and purposes</title>
<tgroup cols="3"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/>
<colspec colname="col3"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">File</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Location</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Purpose</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry char="." colname="col1"><filepath>managed-community-configs.xml</filepath></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Web server</entry>
<entry colname="col3">This file is used to update connectivity preferences in the client. Update,
       add and delete servers, and manage connection settings (such as host name, port, connection
       method, authentication method, etc). The file is pushed using a policy, so you can define
       different settings for different users. This method applies to both the <tm tmtype="reg"
        trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> rich client and to the <tm tmtype="reg"
        trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> client embedded in <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes"
        >Notes</tm>. This file is retrieved upon login and will take effect the next time the user
       restarts the client.</entry><?Pub
Caret -1?>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><filepath>managed-settings.xml</filepath></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Web server</entry>
<entry colname="col3">This file can be used to push <xref href="config_client_pref_tables.dita"
        >client preferences</xref> to the users. The file is hosted on a web server and retrieved
       upon login from the Sametime policy. This method applies to the Sametime rich client and
       Sametime embedded client in Notes. <note>Do not add community config settings (connectivity
        settings) to this file. Community config settings must be added to the
        managed-community-configs.xml file. See the topic <xref href="admin_st_mng_remotecomm.dita"
         >Updating Communities with the Managed-community-configs xml</xref>.</note></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><filepath>plugin_customization.ini</filepath></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Client computer</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Set initial eclipse preferences when client install kits are deployed to
       desktops or when a new user launches the product for the first time. These preferences can be
       overridden at runtime for the logged in user base using the
        <filepath>managed-settings.xml</filepath> file. This method only applies to installed <tm
        tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect clients.<p>Community settings (such
        as loginAtStartup and host) can be entered here to prepopulate community settings for a
        first time user. After the user logs in, only the
         <filepath>managed-community-configs.xml</filepath> file can be used to change community
        settings.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</conbody>

</concept>

