<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_general_file_transfers">
    <title>General file transfer policies</title>
    <shortdesc>General policies apply to all client settings. Edit the following policies to fit
        your business needs. </shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_mkw_5cg_htb">
            <title><parmname>Policy id = 1, Default Setting: ON</parmname></title>
            <p>By default, you can share files with other users. Turn this setting off to restrict
                file sharing between users. Any configuration made to this policy is applied across
                all clients. This policy affects one-to-one chats and works in conjunction with
                    <parmname>Policy id = im.allowTransferringFilesToNwayParticipants</parmname>.
                    <note id="note_onb_rjh_3tb">To allow or restrict users from downloading files
                    such as meeting recordings or reports, configure <parmname>Policy id =
                        im.mobile.allowReceiveFiles</parmname>. For more information, refer to <xref
                        href="c_mobile_file_transfer_policies.dita"/>.</note></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_xsg_ycg_htb">
            <title><parmname>Policy id = 2, Default Setting: 100000</parmname></title>
            <p>By default, the maximum file size of your load file or compressed file is 100,000 KB.
                You can change the maximum file size. Any configuration made to this policy is
                applied across all clients.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ssp_1dg_htb"><title><parmname>Policy id =
                    im.allowTransferringFilesToNwayParticipants, Default Setting:
                ON</parmname></title>By default, you can share files in <i>group chats</i>. To allow
            users to share files in a group chat, enable this policy and <parmname>Policy id =
                1</parmname>.</section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
