<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_mobile_file_transfer_policies">
    <title>Mobile file transfer policies </title>
    <shortdesc>By default, you can send files to other users and subsequently download the shared
        files. Edit the following policies to fit your business needs.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_mpp_hdg_htb">
            <title><parmname>Policy id = im.mobile.allowSendFiles, Default Setting:
                ON</parmname></title>
            <p>By default, you can upload files in a one-to-one chat. This policy only applies to
                the <i>Choose from Files</i> menu item in the chat window. Leave this setting on
                with <parmname>Policy id = 1</parmname> to allow users to upload files in a
                one-to-one chat. Uploading files in a group chat will also require <parmname>Policy
                    id = im.allowTransferringFilesToNwayParticipants</parmname> to be turned
                    on.<note id="note_vtg_wbj_3tb">Sending photos from either the camera or the
                    photos app is controlled with <parmname>Policy id =
                        im.mobile.allowSendImages</parmname> which is discussed below.</note></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ix3_jdg_htb">
            <title><parmname>Policy id = im.mobile.allowReceiveFiles, Default Setting:
                ON</parmname></title>
            <p>By default, downloaded files on mobile devices are stored outside of Sametime. Turn
                this setting off if you don't want files to be stored outside of the application.
                This policy covers the following download types.</p>
            <sectiondiv>
                <ul id="ul_kss_rdg_htb">
                    <li>Files shared in a chat — <parmname>Policy id =
                            im.mobile.allowReceiveFiles</parmname> must be turned on to allow files
                        to be downloaded and subsequently saved outside of the application.</li>
                    <li>Meeting recordings—By default, you can stream the playback of a recording on
                        Sametime. To allow the download and subsequent saving of a meeting
                        recording. <parmname>Policy id = im.mobile.allowReceiveFiles</parmname> must
                        be turned on.</li>
                    <li>Meeting reports—By default, reports can always be downloaded and viewed
                        within Sametime. To allow reports to be saved outside of Sametime,
                            <parmname>Policy id = im.mobile.allowReceiveFiles</parmname> must be
                        turned on.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>
        </section>
        <section id="section_d4p_sdg_htb">
            <title><parmname>Policy id = im.mobile.allowSendImages, Default Setting:
                ON</parmname></title>
            <p>This policy must be turned on to allow images from the device camera or photos app to
                be sent as inline images in a chat. It does not prevent image files such as PNG or
                JPG images from being sent through the <i>Choose from Files</i> menu.<note
                    id="note_f5v_tdg_htb">Starting with Sametime 12.0, mobile clients no longer
                    consider Policy 2009 when sending inline images.</note></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_aks_wdg_htb">
            <title><parmname>Policy id = im.mobile.allowShareChatImages, Default Setting:
                    ON</parmname></title>
            <p>By default, you can share images from the chat. Turn this setting off to restrict
                users from sharing images from the chat.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
