<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_requiring_password_entry">
    <title>Requiring password entry at login</title>
    <shortdesc>As an administrator, you can select the type of authentication scheme employed on
        your environment. Edit the following policy to fit your business needs.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_bv3_jym_htb">
            <title><parmname>Policy id = im.mobile.disablePasswordSave, Default Setting:
                    OFF</parmname></title>
            <p>To save your password for the next login, retain the default setting of this policy
                and enable <i>Remember Password</i> from the community settings. Turn this setting
                on to require users to enter their password at every login. When turned on, the
                client removes the password regardless if <i>Remember Password</i> is enabled.</p>
            <p>This policy also applies to meeting passwords. For safety reasons, Apple restricts
                users from texting while driving. The ability to save meeting passwords allows
                CarPlay users to safely enter meeting rooms while driving. When turned off, the
                    <i>Save Password</i> switch is displayed on the password entry dialog when
                joining password-protected meetings. When turned on, the <i>Save Password</i> switch
                is disabled. In the event that a password has been saved prior to changing the
                default settings, then the password is stored in a secure storage. </p>
            <note id="note_bvc_lym_htb">This policy does not apply to the login password for
                environments that use the SAML-based authentication scheme. However, this policy
                still applies to meeting passwords in these environments. </note>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
