<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="changing_user_policy" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Changing a user policy’s weight </title>
    <shortdesc>Each Sametime policy has a weight assigned to it. The weight should be unique. When assigning a weight to a policy, please ensure the weight is unique on each policy and not duplicated.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>
    <p>By default, users will get the policy with the highest weight.</p>
    <p><b>For example,</b>if no changes are made to the default configuration, the default policy has a weight of 1, and the anonymous policy has a weight of 0. If a user were to login, they would receive the default policy with weight of 1.</p>
    <p>For more information on how Sametime handles finding more than one policy for a user, please
                see the topic <xref href="admin_ssc_policies_understand.dita">Policy
                    Behaviors</xref>.</p>
    <p><note> Do not change the weight on the default or anonymous policies. </note></p>
</context>
    <steps><step>
                <cmd>Open the <filepath>policies.user.xml</filepath> file with a text or XML
                    editor.</cmd>
            </step>
        <step>
                <cmd>Ensure you are in the correct policy inside the file. Look for the line that
                    begins with <b><codeph>policy id=”YourCustomPolicy”</codeph></b>. </cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>Where <codeph>“YourCustomPolicy”</codeph> is the name of the policy you wish
                        to modify.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
        <step><cmd>Change the weight to the desired weight number. The higher the weight, the higher the precedence.</cmd>
            <info><p>For example, if you have created a new Instant Messaging policy called “Marketing” and want to
                        assign a policy weight, of 2, then the syntax is: </p>
                <p><codeph>&lt;policy id="im.Marketing.policy" weight="2"></codeph></p></info></step></steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
