<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="chat_config_sametimeini" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Configuring the <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> file</title>
    <shortdesc><draft-comment author="debra.taylor">Tagged not ready</draft-comment>There are many
        configuration options in Sametime to override the default behaviors. Server configuration
        options are in the <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> file.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <draft-comment author="debra.taylor">Determine the setting format by reviewing the topic
            “Configuring the sametime.ini file” </draft-comment>
        <p>The <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> file is part of the community pod. Most of the
            parameters within the file pertain to community related services such as interactions
            with LDAP, SAML, authentication, Connect client, chat, security, and more.<draft-comment
                author="debra.taylor">Kubernetes focused.  Should "chat" be "Web Chat
                client"?</draft-comment></p>
        <p>Care must be taken if you change this file. In previous Sametime versions, updating the
            file was not</p>
        <p>Note that in Sametime 12, the defaults for many parameters changed, and overriding them
            should be done with caution. If you have any questions about previous server tuning from
            an older release, contact HCL Support for guidance. </p>
        <p>The setting prefix <parmname>STI</parmname> followed by two underscores, followed by the
            section name, then a two underscores, then the parameter and the value. For example, to
            add a setting called ST_COMMUNITY_ID to the [Config] section, the new parameter format
            is <parmname>STI__Config__ST_COMMUNITY_ID</parmname>.</p>
        <p>The value is different with Kubernetes and Docker. <ul id="ul_rmr_1gj_pvb">
                <li>For Docker, simply use the = sign and set the value. For example:
                    STI__Config__ST_COMMUNITY_ID=sametime </li>
                <li>For Kubernetes, the value is a keypair in the values.yaml and the value is set
                    in quotes. For example: STI__Config__ST_COMMUNITY_ID: "sametime"</li>
            </ul></p>
        <p> If you need to modify a <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> setting, follow the guidance
            in the topic for your deployment on Docker or Kubernetes. </p>
        <section>
            <title>Format</title>
            <p>The <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> file is a sectioned configuration file.
                Sections are noted with square brackets, for example: <codeph>[Config]</codeph>. The
                parameters used in the <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> file are valid only when
                placed within the correct section. Other considerations when working with the file include:<ul>
                    <li>Do not duplicate section names or parameters.</li>
                    <li>Use only characters allowed within an XML file.</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>Parameters are specified as a parameter and value pair. The format is different for
                Docker and Kubernetes.<dl>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Docker</dt>
                        <dd><varname>parameter</varname>=<parmname>value</parmname></dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Kubernetes</dt>
                        <dd><varname>parameter</varname>:<parmname>value</parmname></dd>
                    </dlentry>
                </dl></p>
            <p>These settings are documented throughout the help center as well as in the HCL
                support portal in knowledge articles. The various documentation may have the older
                (before Sametime 12) notation of the <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> settings with
                the section name listed separately. </p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
