<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="chat_config_sametimeini_kubernetes" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Configuring the <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> file on Kubernetes</title>
    <shortdesc>
        <draft-comment author="debra.taylor">Tagged not ready</draft-comment>
    </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_bdb_n4k_mvb"> Determine the setting format by reviewing the topic
            “Configuring the sametime.ini file” If enabling community server debug, do not use this
            procedure. Follow the procedure documented in Enabling Community trace in Kubernetes .
                <p>Note: Use caution when modifying the values.yaml file, indentation is important
                and should be done using spaces only. </p></prereq>
        <steps id="steps_fw5_d4k_mvb">
            <step>
                <cmd> Change directories to helm. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open the values.yaml file for editing. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Locate the setting “sametimeIni: {}”..</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_ehq_s4k_mvb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd> Remove the hashtag comment on the example and use it as a guide for
                            indentation on your settings. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>When setting the value, the parameter should end with a : and the value
                            should be defined in double-quotes. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>After adding the desired changes you can comment out the example
                            setting or remove i</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After adding desired parameters, save and close the values.yaml. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Complete the steps Applying configuration changes in Kubernetes<draft-comment
                        author="debra.taylor">t_enabling_community_debug_2.dita</draft-comment> for
                    the changes to take effect. </cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
