<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="community_server_configuration_files" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Sametime server configuration files</title>
    <shortdesc>There are a number of configuration files on the Sametime server that a backup copy
        should be retained after the server configuration is complete.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_cgn_xzz_gsb">
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.61*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.61*"/>
<colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="2.23*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>File name</entry>
<entry>Location</entry>
<entry>Contents</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>StCommunityConfig.xml</entry>
<entry>Windows: <filepath> Domino\Data</filepath><p>Linux: <filepath>
/local/notesdata</filepath></p></entry>
<entry>The HCL Notes database that is accessed using the HCL Notes or Administrator client.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>sametime.ini</entry>
<entry>Windows: Domino program directory<p>Linux: <filepath>/local/notesdata</filepath></p>
</entry>
<entry>Created when the Sametime server is started and based on values in the custom.env or
                            values.yaml files.<p>This file is a sectioned configuration file. The
                                sections are noted in square brackets, for example<codeph>
                                    [Config]</codeph>. Settings must be located in the correct
                                section, otherwise they do not take effect.</p><p>Considerations:
                                    <ul id="ul_akh_psn_s5b">
                                    <li>Do not duplicate section names or parameters.</li>
                                    <li>Do not use illegal XML characters.</li>
                                </ul></p>
                        </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>chatlogging.ini</entry>
<entry>Windows: Domino program directory<p>Linux: <filepath>/local/notesdata</filepath></p></entry>
<entry>This file is used to configure persistent chat logging.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>notes.ini<draft-comment author="debra.taylor">Should this row be
                            deleted?</draft-comment></entry>
<entry>Windows: Domino program directory<p>Linux: <filepath>/local/notesdata</filepath></p></entry>
<entry>This file is used to configure, tune and secure the Domino server that is utilized by the
Sametime Community server.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>UserInfoConfig.xml</entry>
<entry>Windows: Domino program directory<p>Linux: <filepath>/local/notesdata</filepath></p></entry>
<entry>Used to configure business cards. <p>It is important to ensure that XML syntax rules are
                                followed when changing this file to prevent errors.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>policies.user.xml</entry>
<entry>Windows: Domino program directory<p>Linux: <filepath>/local/notesdata</filepath></p></entry>
<entry>Used to configure business cards. <p>It is important to ensure that XML syntax rules are
                                followed when changing this file to prevent errors.</p></entry>
</row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Policies.server.xml</entry>
                        <entry/>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>clustering</entry>
                        <entry/>
                        <entry>Applicable only in a Kubernetes environment.</entry>
                    </row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></conbody>
</concept>
