<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="config_client_people_pref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>People preferences</title>
<shortdesc>The following table lists the people preferences for the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="HCL"
   >HCL</tm>
  <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect Client and <tm tmtype="reg"
   trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Embedded Client for <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes"
   >Notes</tm>. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><table><title>People Preferences - com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.people
 release 7.5.x and later</title>
<tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="104*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="76*"/><colspec colname="col3" colwidth="105*"/>
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="106*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Attribute</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Variable type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Release</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">lookupExpirationDays</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Integer. Default is 7.</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Specifies the number of days a users directory
info is considered up to date. A value of 0 means refresh a user's
directory info for each client session. </entry>
<entry colname="col4">7.5.1 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">wrapBusinessCard</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean. Default is true.</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Specifies whether or not to wrap text in business
card</entry>
<entry colname="col4">7.5.1 and later </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">showNoPhotoPhoto	</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean. Default is true.</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Specifies whether or not to show a placeholder
image in business card when user doesn't have a photo.</entry>
<entry colname="col4">7.5.1 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">isCaseInsensitive</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean. Default is false.	</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Specifies if it is case insensitive when looking up people. The default of
        false means the search is case-sensitive. If you plan to set this to true, first turn off
        case sensitivity in the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="HCL">HCL</tm>
        <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm>   Community server and restart the
        server. </entry>
<entry colname="col4">7.5.1 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">userInfoReplacesDefaultDisplayName</entry><?Pub
Caret -1?>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean. Default is false.</entry>
<entry colname="col3">When set to <userinput>true</userinput>, contact names refresh automatically
        with the contact&apos;s business card name. When this preference is enabled, users can also
        update contact names manually. They can update one name by right-clicking a contact name and
        choosing <uicontrol>Refresh Person Info</uicontrol>. They can also update all names by
        selecting <menucascade>
         <uicontrol>Tools</uicontrol>
         <uicontrol>Refresh Contact Nicknames</uicontrol>
        </menucascade>.<p>For the preference to work, the person attributes in the LDAP directory
         used with the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Community Server must
         meet the following requirements. Verify or change these settings by using the <tm
          tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> System Console to administer the <tm
          tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Community Server.<ul>
          <li>Community Services tab - The attribute used for the internal user ID must be different
           from the attribute used for the person&apos;s display name.</li>
          <li>Business card tab - The attribute used for the business card name must be the same as
           the attribute used for the person&apos;s display name.</li>
         </ul></p></entry>
<entry colname="col4">7.5.1 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">refreshNicknamesOnFirstStartup</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean. Default is false.</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><p>Determines whether clients automatically
replace all existing display names and nicknames in the contact list
with business card names after clients start up and log in. You can
set this preference when the <cmdname>userInfoReplaces DefaultDisplayName</cmdname> preference
is enabled.</p><note type="tip">To prevent the task from running each
time you install on a new computer or reset the workspace, use managed
preferences to set this preference temporarily for all new and upgrading
clients. Disable the preference after all clients have run once. </note></entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.5.2 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">bizCardShowExtendedStatus</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean. Default is false.</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Determines whether the extended status, such
as phone call status, is displayed in the business card. The default
setting is not to display all of the extended statuses in business
card. </entry>
<entry colname="col4">9.0 and later</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1295198916 13?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005224?>
