<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="config_client_discontinue_xml_file" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Discontinuing managed preferences</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
    <shortdesc>To stop setting preferences through the Expeditor managed settings framework, remove the reference to the managed-settings.xml or managed-community-configs.xml file(s) and unlock any previously read-only settings.</shortdesc>

<taskbody>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd>Managed settings that were previously pushed to the clients as read-only will continue to be used until they are specifically removed from the client.  Unlock all managed settings by editing the XML file:</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Change all "isLocked=true" instances to "isLocked=false".</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>If the lastModDate atribute was used previously, change the lastModDate attribute to a newer timestamp for all group settings. Otherwise, skip this step.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Provision the updated XML file to the client.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Discontinue use of the settings.xml file based on the method you used to distribute managed preferences.</cmd>
            <info>
                    <ul id="ul_vjd_xfb_x4b">
                        <li><b>Method 1:</b><p>The managed-settings.xml or
                                managed-community-configs.xml file hosted on a web server<ul
                                    id="ul_n2l_yfb_x4b">
                                    <li>Remove the managed-settings.xml or
                                        managed-community-configs.xml file from the web server.</li>
                                    <li><xref href="update_client_policy.dita">Modify the
                                            policies.user.xml</xref> and remove the URL that was
                                        previously hosting the managed-settings.xml or
                                        managed-community-configs.xml.</li>
                                </ul></p></li>
                        <li><b>Method 2: </b><p>The managed-settings.xml file defined in a
                                plugin_customization.ini file.</p><ul id="ul_dz2_hgb_x4b">
                                <li>Remove the com.ibm.rcp.managedsettings.provider.file/URL setting
                                    from the plugin_customization.ini file and provision the updated
                                    file to clients.</li>
                            </ul></li>
                    </ul>
                </info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
