<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="config_chat_ldap_whitelist" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Excluding certain domains from user and group directory lookups</title><?Pub
Caret 28?>
<shortdesc>When you use Inbox awareness, you can prevent redundant requests to the LDAP or <tm
   tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Domino</tm> directory by defining which domains are allowed to
  accept resolve requests. Previous releases allowed this filtering through the use of custom code
  and was available only for LDAP directories.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>Use either <uicontrol>ST_RESOLVE_BLACKLIST</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>ST_RESOLVE_WHITELIST</uicontrol> parameters
to define domains to be excluded or included in resolve requests.
The default setting is blank for each list, which results in all requests
being accepted.</context>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd>Open the <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> file in a text editor. By default the file is
     located in the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Community Server
     installation folder.</cmd>
   </step>
<step><cmd>In the [Config] section of the<filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> file,
decide if you want to exclude domains with the <uicontrol>ST_RESOLVE_BLACKLIST</uicontrol> parameter
or include domains with the <uicontrol>ST_RESOLVE_WHITELIST</uicontrol> parameter.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Enter a comma-delimited list of domains to exclude or include
in resolve requests. You can use wildcard characters. The limit for
the list is 64,000 characters.</cmd><info><p>For example, this list
excludes requests with email addresses from the external.org domain
and its sub-domains:</p><p><codeph>ST_RESOLVE_BLACKLIST=*.external.org</codeph></p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Save and close the file.</cmd></step>
<step>
    <cmd>Restart the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Community Server.</cmd>
   </step>
</steps>
<example><p>Resolve requests from internal domains and sub-domains</p><p>The
following example resolves requests with email addresses from the
domain1.org or domain2.org domains and their sub-domains:<pre>[Config]
ST_RESOLVE_WHITELIST=*.domain1.org,*.domain2.org</pre></p><p>Resolve
requests from internal domains without including sub-domains</p><p>The
following example resolves requests with email addresses from the
domain1.org or domain2.org domains without their sub-domains: <pre>[Config]
ST_RESOLVE_WHITELIST=domain1.org,domain2.org </pre></p></example>
</taskbody>
</task>

