<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="config_client_file_tran_pref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>File transfer preferences</title>
<shortdesc>The following table lists the file transfer preferences for the <tm tmtype="reg"
   trademark="HCL">HCL</tm>
  <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect Client and <tm tmtype="reg"
   trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Embedded Client for <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes"
   >Notes</tm>.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><table><title>File Transfer Preferences - com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.filetransfer  release 7.5.x and
     later</title>
<tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="85*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="82*"/><colspec colname="col3" colwidth="145*"/>
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="82*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Attribute</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Variable type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Release</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">allowTransferToAnonymous</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean. Default is true.</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Specifies whether or not to disable file transfers
to anonymous users. Setting the value to <uicontrol>true</uicontrol> does
not prevent incoming file transfers from anonymous users. </entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.5.2 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">saveFileLocation</entry>
<entry colname="col2">A text string of a valid full path to a folder
on the user's computer. </entry>
<entry colname="col3">Specifies the path on the user's computer where files from File Transfers will
                                                  be saved. Do not use '\' as the file separator.
                                                  Use '\\' or '/' instead. Example using absolute
                                                  path:
                                                  <codeblock>com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.filetransfer/saveFileLocation=C:\\Documents\\user\\SametimeFileTransfer</codeblock>Releases
                                                  8.0.2 and later support the use of a relative
                                                  path. Example using a path relative to the user
                                                  profile folder for <tm tmtype="tm"
                                                  trademark="Windows">Windows</tm> and Mac:
                                                  <codeblock>com.ibm.collaboration.
realtime.filetransfer/
saveFileLocation=
\\SametimeFileTransfer
</codeblock>
                                                  For <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Linux">Linux</tm>,
                                                  <codeblock>com.ibm.collaboration.
realtime.filetransfer/
saveFileLocation=
SametimeFileTransfer</codeblock></entry>
<entry colname="col4">7.5.1 and later</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p>
</conbody>
</concept>

