<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="config_client_mng_xml_pref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring Sametime client preferences with the Expeditor managed settings framework</title>
  <shortdesc>You can configure and manage the user's Sametime client preferences for capable clients
    using the Expeditor managed settings framework. The Sametime clients that are Expeditor based
    include the Sametime client for Windows or Mac, and the HCL Notes embedded Sametime client for
    Windows or Mac. This excludes the PWA, web and mobile clients.</shortdesc><?Pub Caret 64?>
<taskbody>
<context>
      <p>The Expeditor managed settings framework pulls preference settings from a
        managed-settings.xml and/or managed-community-configs.xml file hosted on a web server or as
        a part of the Samtime client installation package.</p>
      <p>There are two methods to deploy the settings to the user.</p>
      <ul id="ul_gbz_scb_x4b">
        <li><b>Method 1:</b>
          <p>The settings files are hosted on a web server and the URL to the files is defined in
            either location:</p><ul id="ul_xql_5cb_x4b">
            <li>
              <p>In the plugin_customization.ini file as part of the Sametime installation package.
                This option requires customization of the client installation package.</p>
            </li>
            <li>In the user's Sametime policy.</li>
          </ul></li>
        <li><b>Method 2:</b>
          <p>The managed-settings.xml file can be packaged with the Sametime installation package.
            This option requires customization of the client installation package.</p></li>
      </ul>
      <p>The following topics explain how to configure and update settings using the Expeditor
        managed settings framework.</p>
    </context>
</taskbody>

</task>

