<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="config_client_meet_int_pref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Microsoft">Microsoft</tm> Outlook
preferences</title>
<shortdesc>The following tables list the preferences that you can configure for <tm tmtype="reg"
   trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect Client  and <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime"
   >Sametime</tm> Embedded clients who use <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Microsoft">Microsoft</tm>
  Outlook.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Table 1 lists the available preferences for instant messaging with <tm tmtype="tm"
    trademark="Microsoft">Microsoft</tm> Outlook; Table 2 lists the available preferences for online
   meetings using <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Meeting Integrator for <tm
    tmtype="tm" trademark="Microsoft">Microsoft</tm> Outlook. </p>
<table><title><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm>
                <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Microsoft">Microsoft</tm> Outlook Preferences -
                com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.exchange  </title>
<tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="120*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="73*"/><colspec colname="col3" colwidth="118*"/>
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="81*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Attribute</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Variable type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Release</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">ExchangeProfile</entry>
<entry colname="col2">A mail profile name</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the mail profile to be used for
storing chat history and auto-status synchronization.</entry>
<entry colname="col4">9.0 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">ExchangeTranscriptFolder	</entry>
<entry colname="col2">A mail box folder name	</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="Microsoft">Microsoft</tm> Exchange mail box folder used
for storing chat history and auto-status synchronization.	</entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.0 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">ExchangeMessageStore</entry>
<entry colname="col2">A message store such as 'Mailbox - John Doe'</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the message store used for storing
chat history and auto-status synchronization.</entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.0 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">ExchangeStorageId</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The ID of a storage method	</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The storage method used for storing chat history. For example,
                            <lines><codeph>com.ibm.collaboration.
realtime.exchange.
storage.outlook.
OutlookStorage</codeph>.</lines></entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.0 and later</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<table><title><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Meeting Integrator for <tm tmtype="tm"
                    trademark="Microsoft">Microsoft</tm> Outlook Preferences -
                com.ibm.collaboration.realtime </title>
<tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="121*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="72*"/><colspec colname="col3" colwidth="119*"/>
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="80*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Attribute</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Variable type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Release</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">AlwaysCreateMeetings</entry>
<entry colname="col2">True or false	</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Whether meeting information should always be
included when an appointment is scheduled in Outlook.	</entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.5 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Mtg85SettingsEditable</entry>
<entry colname="col2">True or false</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Whether meetings settings are editable by the
user </entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.5 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Meeting85Server</entry>
<entry colname="col2">A server host name</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The host name of the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm>
       Meeting server. For example, sametime.mycompany.com</entry><?Pub Caret 23?>
<entry colname="col4">8.5 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Meeting85ServerUsesSSO</entry>
<entry colname="col2">True or false</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Whether Single-Sign-On should be used to authenticate with the <tm
        tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Meeting server.</entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.5 and later</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<example><p>Example entries in plugin_customization.ini:
                <codeblock>com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.exchange/ExchangeTranscriptFolder=STTranscript </codeblock><codeblock>com.ibm.collaboration.realtime/MeetingServerUrl=http://sametime.mycompany.com
com.ibm.collaboration.realtime/MeetingServerUsesSSO=true
com.ibm.collaboration.realtime/AlwaysCreateMeetings=false</codeblock></p></example>
</conbody>

</concept>

