<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="configuring_multi_tenacy_new" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Enabling multi-tenancy </title>
<shortdesc>Multi-tenancy allows multiple organizations to be part of the HCL Sametime® community.
        With multi-tenancy, Sametime users can chat, add users and groups to contact lists, and have
        awareness of users in their organization or in other organizations that are configured to be
        visible to them. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
        <p>The multi-tenancy feature uses customized Java™ code to dynamically generate a filter and
            base distinguished names for LDAP searches on the Sametime Community Server. The
                <codeph>CustomizedMultitenancy.class</codeph> and
                <codeph>ConfigLoader.class</codeph> Java files containing the required code are
            automatically installed during the Sametime Community Server installation. The
                <codeph>CustomizedMultitenancy.ini</codeph> file is also installed and contains the
            configuration settings and the configuration instructions for the multi-tenancy feature.
            These files are located in the java directory where Domino is installed.</p>
        <p><b>For example,</b>on Windows ﻿C:\Program Files\HCL\Domino\java.</p>
        <p>The multi-tenancy feature is disabled by default.</p>
        <p><b>Prerequisite LDAP Requirements </b></p>
        <p>Users from all organizations should reside under one tree, with multiple branches. </p>
        <p><b>For example:</b></p>
        <p>If the base DN is CN=ORGANIZATIONS,OU=COLLAB,DC=HCL,DC=COM </p>
        <p>An individual organization would be found at this baseDN(s): </p>
        <p>O=Organization A,CN=ORGANIZATIONS,OU=COLLAB,DC=HCL,DC=COM </p>
        <p>O=Organization B,CN=ORGANIZATIONS,OU=COLLAB,DC=HCL,DC=COM </p>
        <p>Additionally, each user’s entry in LDAP must contain an attribute that also contains the
            name of the organization that the user belongs to. </p>
        <p><b>For example,</b> you can create an attribute called “organizationName” and the value
            set to the name of the organization.</p>
        <p>organizationName=Organization A.<ul id="ol_dt2_4sm_ypb">
                <li>Before making edits to the configuration, review your LDAP base DNs to determine
                    which values should be used inside the
                        <codeph>CustomizedMultitenancy.ini</codeph>. </li>
                <li>Complete the worksheet below to assist in completing the configuration:<table
                        frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_lb3_rsm_ypb">
                        <title/>
                        <tgroup cols="4">
                            <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                            <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                            <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                            <colspec colname="c4" colnum="4" colwidth="1*"/>
                            <thead>
                                <row>
                                    <entry>Setting Name</entry>
                                    <entry>Description</entry>
                                    <entry>Example</entry>
                                    <entry>Your Value</entry>
                                </row>
                            </thead>
                            <tbody>
                                <row>
                                    <entry>Base DN</entry>
                                    <entry>This is the top of your LDAP tree, where to start
                                        searching the directory.</entry>
                                    <entry>CN=ORGANIZATIONS,OU=COLLAB, DC=HCL,DC=COM</entry>
                                    <entry/>
                                </row>
                                <row>
                                    <entry>Organization BaseDN</entry>
                                    <entry>This is the location of the individual organizations. </entry>
                                    <entry>O=Organization A,CN=ORGANIZATIONS,
                                        OU=COLLAB,DC=HCL,DC=COM </entry>
                                    <entry/>
                                </row>
                                <row>
                                    <entry>ORG_PART_OF_DN</entry>
                                    <entry>The attribute in the LDAP DN that contains the
                                        organization name. </entry>
                                    <entry>O</entry>
                                    <entry/>
                                </row>
                                <row>
                                    <entry>﻿PEOPLE_ROOT_BASE_DN </entry>
                                    <entry>This is the DN of the entry where to start searching for
                                        people. It should contain the lowest LDAP entry under which
                                        the entries of all the people in the organization are
                                        available. </entry>
                                    <entry>O=%S,CN=ORGANIZATIONS, OU=COLLAB,DC=HCL,DC=COM </entry>
                                    <entry/>
                                </row>
                                <row>
                                    <entry>﻿GROUPS_ROOT_BASE_DN </entry>
                                    <entry>This is the DN of the entry where to start searching for
                                        groups. It should contain the lowest LDAP entry under which
                                        the entries of all the people in the organization are
                                        available. </entry>
                                    <entry>O=%S,CN=ORGANIZATIONS, OU=COLLAB,DC=HCL,DC=COM </entry>
                                    <entry/>
                                </row>
                                <row>
                                    <entry>﻿PEOPLE_BASE_DN_TEMPLATE</entry>
                                    <entry>﻿The DN of the entry at which to start the people or the
                                        groups LDAP search when the search is done in a sub tree of
                                        a particular organization. %S should always be present in
                                        the value. It will be dynamically replaced by the
                                        organization name during the resolve operation. </entry>
                                    <entry>O=%S </entry>
                                    <entry/>
                                </row>
                                <row>
                                    <entry>﻿GROUPS_BASE_DN_TEMPLATE</entry>
                                    <entry>The DN of the entry at which to start the people or the
                                        groups LDAP search when the search is done in a sub tree of
                                        a particular organization. %S should always be present in
                                        the value. It will be dynamically replaced by the
                                        organization name during the resolve operation. </entry>
                                    <entry>O=%S </entry>
                                    <entry/>
                                </row>
                                <row>
                                    <entry>﻿LDAP_ORG_ATTR </entry>
                                    <entry>The attribute in the LDAP directory that is present in
                                        every person and group entry and contains the organization
                                        name that this person or group belongs to. </entry>
                                    <entry>ORGANIZATIONNAME</entry>
                                    <entry/>
                                </row>
                            </tbody>
                        </tgroup>
                    </table><note id="note_xmg_lf5_ypb">Every value in the
                            <codeph>customizedMultitenancy.ini</codeph> must be in upper case.
                    </note></li>
            </ul></p>
        <section id="section_yxm_2xf_rpb">
            <title>For Community Server </title>
            <p>Follow steps to enable multi-tenacy on the Community Server. </p>
            <p>
                <ol id="ol_nxh_m5m_ypb">
                    <li>Using the values that have been identified, populate the settings in the
                            <codeph>customizedMultitenancy.ini</codeph> file, following the examples
                        inside the file. The <codeph>customizedMultitenancy.ini</codeph> is in the
                        java folder inside the Domino program directory. </li>
                    <li>Save and close the <codeph>customizedMultitenancy.ini</codeph> file when
                        complete. </li>
                    <li>Open the <codeph>sametime.ini</codeph> file using a text editor. </li>
                    <li>Locate the existing [Config] section of the file. <ul id="ul_arl_25m_ypb">
                            <li>For Windows installs, add the following line, ensuring the correct
                                path to the java directory:
                                <codeblock id="codeblock_blk_f5m_ypb">ST_JAVA_CUSTOM_PATH=C:\Program Files\HCL\Domino\java </codeblock></li>
                            <li>For Linux installs, add the following line, ensuring the correct
                                path to the java directory:
                                <codeblock id="codeblock_d1v_g5m_ypb">ST_JAVA_CUSTOM_PATH=/local/notesdata/java</codeblock></li>
                        </ul></li>
                    <li>Review the <codeph>ST_JAVA_CLASS_PATH</codeph> line and confirm that the
                        path you entered in the above step is listed first on this line.</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Close</uicontrol> the
                            <codeph>sametime.ini</codeph> file.</li>
                    <li>Launch the HCL Notes or Administrator client. </li>
                    <li>Click <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Applications</uicontrol> >
                            <uicontrol>Open an Application</uicontrol>.</li>
                    
                     
                            <li>In the server name field, enter the Sametime Community server name.
                                In the filename field enter <codeph>“stconfig.nsf”</codeph>.</li>
                            <li>Double-click the LDAPServer document. </li>
                            <li>Inside the LDAPServer document, double-click to place in edit
                                mode.</li>
                            <li>Change the following fields to the values shown below: <p>Search
                                    filter for resolving person
                                    names:CustomizedMultitenancy.peopleResolveFilter() </p><p>Search
                                    filter for resolving group names:
                                    CustomizedMultitenancy.groupsResolveFilter() </p><p>Base object
                                    when searching for person entries:
                                    CustomizedMultitenancy.peopleBaseDn() </p><p>Base object when
                                    searching for group entries:
                                    CustomizedMultitenancy.groupsBaseDn() </p></li>
                            <li>Click <uicontrol>File</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> to
                                save the document.</li>
                            <li>Restart the Community Server for these settings to take effect.</li>
                        
                   
                </ol>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_dx3_msm_ypb">
            <title>For Proxy Server</title>
            <p>Follow steps to enable multi-tenacy on the Proxy Server. </p>
            <p>
                <ul id="ol_s4z_q5m_ypb">
                    <li>On the Sametime Proxy server, add the following section to the
                        stproxyconfig.xml file with the appropriate values for your
                        configuration.<codeblock id="codeblock_usl_r5m_ypb">&lt;multiTenancy>
&lt;key>O&lt;/key>
&lt;attr>ORGANIZATIONNAME&lt;/attr>
&lt;/multiTenancy>
&lt;/configuration></codeblock></li>
                    <li>Restart the Sametime Proxy server for the settings to take affect.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ztz_fxf_rpb">
            <title>For Meeting Server</title>
            <p>Follow steps to enable multi-tenacy on the Meeting Server. </p>
            <ul id="ol_kds_t5m_ypb">
                <li>On the Sametime Meeting server, add the JWT_ORGID_KEY to the custom.env file
                    with the appropriate values for your
                    configuration.<codeblock id="codeblock_xsb_55m_ypb"># Enable Multi-tenancy support
JWT_ORGID_KEY=O</codeblock></li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
