<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="config_client_update_pref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Update preferences</title><?Pub Caret 15?>
<shortdesc>The following table lists the update preferences for the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="HCL"
   >HCL</tm>
  <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect Client and <tm tmtype="reg"
   trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Embedded Client for <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes"
   >Notes</tm>.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><table><title>Update Preferences - com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.update  release 8.5.x and later</title>
<tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="111*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="96*"/><colspec colname="col3" colwidth="96*"/>
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="96*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Attribute</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Variable type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Release</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">firstTimeRestartDelayMinutes</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Integer. Default is 0.</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Defines how long to delay for the first prompt
after an automatic update is completed. Prompts immediately by default. </entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.5.2 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">restartAction	</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><p>restart.now - user is presented with a restart
dialog with Restart Now button only.</p><p>restart.now.or.later -
user is presented with a restart dialog with Restart Now and Wait
x minutes buttons. </p><p>restart.on.next.login - user is presented
with an info message that the plug-in updates will be effected on
next restart.</p><p>restart.now.no.prompt - the client is restarted
automatically when update is completed without any user interaction.</p><p>Default
is restart.now.or.later.</p>	</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Defines how restart should be initiated on the
client after an update is completed. Note this preference is just
valid for administrator-initiated updates, but be invalid for user's
manual updates by Tools -> Plug-ins menu.</entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.5 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">restartRemindDelayMinutes	</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Integer. Default is 5.</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Defines how long to delay the restart of the
client after an update is completed. This setting is ignored if restartAction
is set to restart.now or restart.on.next.login.	</entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.5 and later</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p>
<example><p>Example entry in plugin_customization.ini:
                <codeblock>com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.update/restartAction=restart.now.no.prompt
com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.update/restartRemindDelayMinutes=1 </codeblock></p></example>
</conbody>
<?tm 1293130167 7?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003220?>
