<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="config_client_conn_prox" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Connecting the client through a proxy connection</title>
<shortdesc>When a user starts the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect Client
  with a <uicontrol>Use proxy </uicontrol> preference, the client connects to the <tm tmtype="reg"
   trademark="IBM">HCL</tm>
  <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Community server through a SOCKS, HTTP, or
  HTTPS proxy server.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>For this connection to succeed, the port specified as the <uicontrol>Community
    port</uicontrol> setting in the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect
   Client client's <uicontrol>Sametime Connectivity</uicontrol> settings must match a port number
   specified in one of these settings in the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm>
   configuration database.<ul class="- topic/ul ">
    <li class="- topic/li ">In the <uicontrol>Client Connections</uicontrol> section, type the fully
     qualified <uicontrol>Host Name</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Port</uicontrol> from which Community
     Services listen for direct TCP/IP Connections and HTTP-tunneled Connections from the Community
     Services clients. A direct TCP/IP connection occurs when the <tm tmtype="reg"
      trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> client uses a unique <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime"
      >Sametime</tm> protocol over TCP/IP to establish a connection with the Community
     Services.</li>
    <li class="- topic/li ">In the <uicontrol>HTTP Tunneled Client Connections</uicontrol> section,
     type the fully qualified <uicontrol>Host Name</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Port</uicontrol> from
     which Community Services clients can make HTTP-tunneled Connections to the Community Services
     multiplexer. Community Services clients can make HTTP-tunneled Connections on both ports 80 and
     8082 by default. Port 8082 ensures compatibility with previous <tm tmtype="reg"
      trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> releases. In previous releases, <tm tmtype="reg"
      trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> clients made HTTP-tunneled connections to the Community
     Services only on port 8082. If a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect
     Client from a previous <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> release attempts an
     HTTP-tunneled connection to a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> server, the
     client might attempt this connection on port 8082.<note class="- topic/note " type="note">If
      the administrator manually configures HTTP tunneling on port 80, the <menucascade>
       <uicontrol>Community Services</uicontrol>
       <uicontrol>Client connections</uicontrol>
       <uicontrol>Port number</uicontrol>
      </menucascade> setting default to port 1533, and the <menucascade>
       <uicontrol>Community Services</uicontrol>
       <uicontrol>HTTP tunneled client Connections</uicontrol>
       <uicontrol>Port number</uicontrol>
      </menucascade> settings are ports 80 and 8082. In this configuration, the <tm tmtype="reg"
       trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect Client can complete an HTTP-tunneled connection to
      the Community Services multiplexer using either port 1533, 80, or 8082. </note>
    </li>
    <li>In the <uicontrol>HTTPS Tunneled Client Connections</uicontrol> section, type the fully
     qualified Host Name and Port from which the Community Services clients attempt HTTPS
     Connections when accessing the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Community
     Server through an HTTPS proxy server. If a Community Services client connects to the <tm
      tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Community server using HTTPS, the HTTPS
     connection method is used, but the data passed on this connection is not encrypted.</li>
   </ul></prereq>
<context><p>The connection methods for the <uicontrol>Use proxy</uicontrol> option
differ in the types of proxy servers they use for connecting.</p><ul>
<li>SOCKS4 or SOCKS5 proxy<p>The client uses the <uicontrol>Standard Sametime protocol</uicontrol>
      over TCP/IP for this connection. The connection from the SOCKS proxy to the Community Services
      occurs on the "Community port" (default 1533) specified in the <tm tmtype="reg"
       trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect Client <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime"
       >Sametime</tm> Connectivity settings. This connection is the same as the <uicontrol>Use my
       Internet Explorer HTTP settings</uicontrol> preference for a user who has a SOCKS proxy
      server selected in Internet Explorer.</p></li>
<li>Reverse proxy<p>This selection allows the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm>
      Connect Client to connect to a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> server over
      the Internet through a reverse proxy server. The reverse proxy server protects internal HTTP
      servers by providing a single point of access to the internal network. </p></li>
<li>HTTP Proxy<p>The client encases the standard <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm>
      protocol connection information within an HTTP request. <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime"
       >Sametime</tm> Connect Client connects to the HTTP proxy, and the HTTP proxy server connects
      to the Community Services multiplexer on the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime"
       >Sametime</tm> server on behalf of the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm>
      Connect Client. The HTTP connection to the Community Services multiplexer occurs on the
      "Community port" (default 1533) specified in the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime"
       >Sametime</tm> Connect Client <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm>
      Connectivity settings. </p><p class="- topic/p ">The Community Services multiplexer on the <tm
       tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> server listens for HTTP Connections on all
      ports specified in the <uicontrol>Port number</uicontrol> field in the <uicontrol>Client
       Connections</uicontrol> section within the <uicontrol>Community Services</uicontrol> settings
      of the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> configuration database. </p></li>
</ul><p>Follow these steps to select the <uicontrol>Use proxy</uicontrol> method
for the client.</p></context>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd>From the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect Client, click <menucascade>
      <uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
      <uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol>
     </menucascade>.</cmd>
   </step>
<step><cmd>Do one of the following:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To select this connection method for all server communities,
click <uicontrol>Server Communities</uicontrol>. In the "Global connection
settings" section, click <uicontrol>Use proxy</uicontrol>.</choice>
<choice>To select this connection method for only one server community,
click <uicontrol>Server Communities</uicontrol>, select the server
community name, and open the <uicontrol>Connection</uicontrol> tab.
Clear <uicontrol>Use global connection settings</uicontrol>, then
click <uicontrol>Use proxy</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select the appropriate <uicontrol>Proxy type</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<choices>
<choice><uicontrol>Use SOCKS4 proxy</uicontrol></choice>
<choice><uicontrol>Use SOCKS5 proxy</uicontrol></choice>
<choice><uicontrol>Use reverse proxy</uicontrol></choice>
<choice><uicontrol>Use HTTP proxy</uicontrol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Specify the additional values for the proxy type you selected.</cmd>
<choices>
<choice><uicontrol>Use SOCKS4 proxy</uicontrol><p>Provide the <uicontrol>Host
name</uicontrol> (DNS name or IP address) of the SOCKS proxy server
and the port required to connect to the SOCKS proxy server.</p></choice>
<choice><uicontrol>Use SOCKS5 proxy</uicontrol><ol>
<li>Provide the <uicontrol>Host name</uicontrol> (DNS name or IP address)
of the SOCKS proxy server and the port required to connect to the
SOCKS proxy server.</li>
<li>Specify the user name and password required for SOCKS5 authentication.</li>
<li>Select the <uicontrol>Resolve server name locally</uicontrol> option to have the client resolve
        the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Community server name by calling a
        local DNS server and passing the IP address to the SOCKS proxy server. If your organization,
        for security reasons, prohibits internal DNS servers from resolving the names of external
        servers, do not select the <uicontrol>Resolve server name locally</uicontrol> option. The
        SOCKS proxy resolves the external server name by calling a different DNS server instead, one
        that is not available on the internal network.</li>
</ol></choice>
<choice><uicontrol>Use reverse proxy</uicontrol><ol>
<li>Specify the <uicontrol>URL</uicontrol> of the reverse proxy server. The clients uses this URL to
        access the reverse proxy server. The reverse proxy server handles requests from the client
        and redirects the request to the Sametime
        server</li>
<li>Specify the <uicontrol>User name</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Password</uicontrol> for
authenticating with the reverse proxy server.</li>
</ol></choice>
<choice><uicontrol>Use HTTP proxy</uicontrol><ol>
<li>Specify the <uicontrol>Host name</uicontrol> (DNS name or IP address)
of the HTTP proxy server and the port required to connect to the HTTP
proxy server</li>
<li>Specify the user name and password required for authentication
to the HTTP proxy server if they are required.</li>
</ol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to close the Preferences
window.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>

</task>

