<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="config_client_conn_alt" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring alternate communities for clients</title>
<shortdesc>Configuring alternate communities gives users more options for logging in from their <tm
   tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect Client and <tm tmtype="reg"
   trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Embedded Client for <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes"
   >Notes</tm>. For example, you can have a default community that allows users to connect using a
  direct connection when they are in the office and you can add an alternate community that allows
  them to connect to the same community through a reverse proxy server connection from
  home.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>Alternate communities are defined using preferences. Before
clients install, you can define preferences with a <filepath>plugin_customization.ini</filepath> file
that goes into effect when the client logs in after installation.
You can also define preferences after installation and distribute
them through the policy-based <filepath>managed-settings.xml</filepath> file.</context>
<steps>
<stepsection>Follow these steps to define an alternate community.
These steps assume that you have already installed and set up the
servers that host the community.</stepsection>
<step><cmd>First define the managed IDs for each alternate community
using the "com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.community/altCommunityConfig.managedIds"
preference. This is a comma-delimited set of IDs you define.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Then for each ID, add the Community preferences reserved
for alternate communities.</cmd><info>For
          example:<pre>com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.community/altCommunityConfig.managedIds=altHost1,altHost2
com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.community/altCommunityConfig.altHost1.&lt;attribute>=&lt;attribute value>
com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.community/altCommunityConfig.altHost2.&lt;attribute>=&lt;attribute value></pre></info>
</step>
</steps>
<result>After you configure alternate communities and distribute them
through preferences, they become available when users attempt to log
in to the default community. If the default community is not available,
the client then tries the alternate communities that you have defined.
The client continues through the list of alternate communities until
it connects successfully or all attempts fail.</result>
</taskbody>

</task>

