<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="config_client_access_pref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Accessibility preferences</title>
<shortdesc>The following table lists the accessibility preferences for the <tm tmtype="reg"
   trademark="HCL">HCL</tm>
  <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect Client and <tm tmtype="reg"
   trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Embedded Client for <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes"
   >Notes</tm>.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><table><title>Accessibility Preferences - com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.accessibility  plugin release
     7.5.x and later</title>
<tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/>
<colspec colname="col3"/><colspec colname="col4"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Attribute</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Variable type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Release</entry><?Pub Caret 6?>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">useAcc	</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean. Default is false.	</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Specifies whether or not to optimize chat transcript
for screen readers (will replace the transcript with a different format).</entry>
<entry colname="col4">7.5.1 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">optimizeAlerts	</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean. Default is false.	</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Specifies whether or not to optimize notification
settings for screen readers (will turn off bring to front, flash window,
turn on sounds).	</entry>
<entry colname="col4">7.5.1 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">useLessVerbose	</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean. Default is false.</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Specifies whether or not to set less verbose
messages for screen readers (less verbose will not read status change
events and typing events in the chat window).	</entry>
<entry colname="col4">7.5.1 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">useArrowKeyForQuickfind</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean. Default is false.</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Specifies whether to use the arrow key for quick
find. </entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.5.1 and later</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p>
</conbody>
</concept>

