<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="config_client_url_xml_file" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Changing the URL for the settings XML file in the plugin_customization.ini
file</title>
<shortdesc>If you must change the URL for the managed settings file,
do so by updating the plugin_customization.ini file.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>Follow these steps to update the plugin_customization.ini
file with the new file name or URL.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Verify that the settings XML file is in the location where
it will be called from the plugin_customization.ini file.</cmd></step>
<step>
    <cmd>In the plugin_customization.ini file, change the key that defines the Expeditor Managed
     settings framework and the name and location of the settings XML
      file.<filepath>com.ibm.rcp.managedsettings.provider.file/URL</filepath> and the name and
     location of the settings XML file to be used. For example:</cmd>
    <info>
     <p>
      <codeblock>com.ibm.rcp.managedsettings.provider.file/URL=http://sametime.example.com/demo/managed-settings.xml
or
com.ibm.rcp.managedsettings.provider.file/URL=file://c:/data/managed-settings.xml</codeblock>
     </p>
    </info>
   </step>
</steps>
<result>The next update runs with the old URL, but subsequent updates
run with the new URL. If the new URL is not reachable at the time
of the update, the setting will not be saved and the original URL
will continue to be used. The URL will not be changed until it is
updated at a time that the URL can be reached.</result>
</taskbody>

</task>

