<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="config_client_cal_pref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Calendar preferences</title>
<shortdesc>The following table lists the calendar preferences for the <tm tmtype="reg"
   trademark="HCL">HCL</tm>
  <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect Client and <tm tmtype="reg"
   trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Embedded Client for <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes"
   >Notes</tm>.</shortdesc><?Pub
Caret 65?>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords>
<!--Insert <indexterm> tags here-->
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p><table><title>Calendar Preferences - com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.calendar
 release 7.5.x and later</title>
<tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="99*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="92*"/><colspec colname="col3" colwidth="104*"/>
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="103*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Attribute</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Variable type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Release</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">alertMeWhenMeetingStarts</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean</entry>
<entry colname="col3">In Auto-Status Changes for Meetings scheduled
in my calendar, specify whether to alert user when user has a meeting
scheduled in the calendar. </entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.5.1.1 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">enabled</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Specify wether or not to enable auto status
change for meetings scheduled in user's calendar.</entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.0 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">promptMe</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean</entry>
<entry colname="col3">In Auto-Status Changes for meetings scheduled
in my calendar, specify whether to prompt user before changing the
status when user have a meeting scheduled in the calendar.	</entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.0 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">statusMsg</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">In Auto-Status Changes for meetings scheduled
in my calendar, specify the status message when user select "Automatically
change my status."</entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.0 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">setback</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean</entry>
<entry colname="col3">In Auto-Status Changes for meetings scheduled
in my calendar, specify whether to return to user's previous status
when the meeting is over.</entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.0 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">outlook_enabled</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean</entry>
<entry colname="col3">In Calendar Service page, specify whether to
check Outlook calendar for meetings to allow auto status changes.
It's valid only if the Outlook service is available.</entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.0 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">notes_enabled</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean</entry>
<entry colname="col3">In Calendar Service page, specify whether to check <tm tmtype="reg"
         trademark="Notes">Notes</tm> calendar for meetings to allow auto status changes. It's valid
        only if the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm> service is available.</entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.0 and later</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">interval</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Positive integer value, unit is minutes. 10
minutes is the default.	</entry>
<entry colname="col3">In Calendar Service page, specify the interval that <tm tmtype="reg"
         trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> retrieves calendar information for an auto-status
        change. This value is not for the interval to update auto-status. </entry>
<entry colname="col4">8.0 and later</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1264195603 7?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004107?>
