<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="config_buscard_custom_kubernetes" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Customizing business cards in Kubernetes</title>
  <shortdesc>You can override the default business cards configuration by creating an
      <parmname>extra-community-configs</parmname> secret to hold the configuration
    files.</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="context_rqd_3sk_35b">
      <p>Kubectl commands are used to pull the existing file from the community pod to your local
        machine. You modify these files locally with the required settings, then create the secret
        containing the files.</p>
      <p>The following procedures describes the steps to create a new secret. The example used in
        the steps shows creating a secret called <filepath>extra-community-configs</filepath> which
        overrides the <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> settings for LDAP. The
          <filepath>extra-community-configs</filepath> secret contains a copy of the configuration
        files used by the Community pod. For more information on secrets, see <xref
          href="managing_secrets_kubernetes.dita" format="dita" scope="local"/>.</p>
    </context>
    <steps id="steps_igj_hsk_35b">
      <step>
        <cmd>Create a directory on your machine called <filepath>extra-community-config</filepath>
          at the root of where the Sametime installation package was decompressed.</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock id="codeblock_l15_ptb_k5b">mkdir extra-community-config</codeblock>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Use the <cmdname>cd</cmdname> command to change to the
            <filepath>extra-community-config</filepath> directory.</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock id="codeblock_g1v_5tb_k5b">cd extra-community-config</codeblock>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Find the community pod name by running the <cmdname>get pods</cmdname> command.</cmd>
        <info>The pod name has some hashes in it, for example: <codeph>community-77d4695988-2bzrx):
            kubectl get pods</codeph>.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Run the following command to pull a copy of the
            <filepath>StCommunityConfig.xml</filepath> file from the community pod specifying the
          name of the pod.</cmd>
        <info><codeblock id="codeblock_edt_5ty_ztb">kubectl exec -it <varname>pod_name</varname> --container community -- cat /local/notesdata/StCommunityConfig.xml >./StCommunityConfig.xml</codeblock>This
          file must be available.  No changes to it are needed at this time.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Run the following command to pull a copy of the <filepath>UserInfoConfig.xml</filepath>
          file from the community pod specifying the name of the pod.</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock id="codeblock_blp_b5y_ztb">kubectl exec -it <varname>pod_name</varname> --container community -- cat /local/notesdata/UserInfoConfig.xml >./UserInfoConfig.xml</codeblock>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Using a text editor, open the local copy of the <filepath>UserInfoConfig.xml</filepath>
          file in edit mode. Modify the file as needed.</cmd>
        <info>When finish, save and close the file.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Ensure that you are in the <filepath>extra-community-config</filepath> directory that
          was created earlier. Run the following command to create the secret. If you have a
          namespace dedicated to Sametime, add the <parmname>-n</parmname> argument with your
          namespace to ensure it is created in the correct namespace. </cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock id="codeblock_aqb_x5y_ztb">kubectl create secret generic extra-community-config --from-file=./ </codeblock>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Use the <cmdname>cd</cmdname> command to change to the <filepath>helm</filepath>
          directory where the Sametime installation package was decompressed.</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock id="codeblock_kyk_15b_k5b">cd helm</codeblock>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Open the <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> file and put in edit mode. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Add the following line to the <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> file.</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock id="codeblock_xq2_1vy_ztb">overrideCommunityConfigSecret: extra-community-config</codeblock>
        </info>
        <info>When finished save and close the file..</info>
      </step>
      <step conref="securing_ldap_kubernetes.dita#securing_ldap_kubernetes/apply_changes_helmupgrade">
        <cmd/>
      </step>
      <step conref="pod_apply_changes.dita#pod_apply_changes/scale_pod">
        <cmd/>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
