<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_s1j_ghm_s5" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Enabling inbox awareness on the Sametime Embedded Client</title>
<shortdesc>Use the managed setting <codeph>Use canonical names for status lookup</codeph> to enable
        inbox awareness on all <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Embedded Client.
        This setting is required to allow inbox awareness to work on the <tm tmtype="reg"
            trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Embedded Clients. Using managed settings allows you
        to push the setting out to all of the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm>
        Embedded Clients.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>Enable the setting <codeph>Use canonical names for status lookup</codeph> to permit <tm
                    tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Embedded Clients to show inbox
                awareness with a Domino LDAP Directory without having to make additional changes to
                the Directory. Inbox awareness does not work on the Embedded Client unless this
                setting is enabled because names in hierarchical format are sent to the <tm
                    tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Community Server and from there
                to the Directory in Domino. By default, names in hierarchical format can not be
                found in the Domino LDAP Directory. In addition, enabling this setting improves the
                performance of the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> searches.
                This is because inbox awareness uses the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime"
                    >Sametime</tm> search functionality and using canonical names creates LDAP
                search requests which LDAP quickly responds to.</p>
<p>Using the following managed setting ensures that the correct value is automatically set for all
the clients:</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Use the following managed setting to ensure that the correct value is automatically set for all
of the Sametime Embedded Clients:</cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>&lt;settingGroup name="com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.community"&gt;
&lt;setting name="useCanonicalNamesOverride" value="1"/&gt;
&lt;/settingGroup&gt;</codeblock>
</info>
<info>
<p>For more information about using managed settings, see the topic <xref
                            href="config_client_xml_location.dita#config_client_xml_location"/>.</p>
</info>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
