<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="config_client_stadv_pref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Advanced preferences (Sametime 9.0.1
                only)</title>
        <shortdesc>These settings only apply to environments that include the Sametime 9.0.1 Advanced Server.
                </shortdesc>
<conbody>
        <p>The following table lists the preferences that are available for the <tm tmtype="reg"
                trademark="HCL">HCL</tm>
                <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Advanced client. These preferences are set in
                the <codeph>plugin_customization.ini</codeph> file.</p>
<p><table><title>Global Preferences - com.ibm.collaboration.realtime</title>
<tgroup cols="3"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="99*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="99*"/><colspec colname="col3" colwidth="101*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Attribute</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Variable type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">enableAdvanced</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean (default value is <userinput>false</userinput>)</entry>
<entry colname="col3">When the value is set to <userinput>true</userinput>, the <tm tmtype="reg"
         trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Advanced plug-ins installed with the client become
        active. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">enableInstantShare</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean (default value is <userinput>false</userinput>)</entry>
<entry colname="col3">If enableAdvanced is set to <userinput>false</userinput>,
but the value of enableInstantShare is set to <userinput>true</userinput>,
the instant share feature is available. Otherwise, the value of enableInstantShare
is ignored.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<table id="table_jmj_wdl_pz">
<title>Sametime Advanced Preferences - com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.persistentChat</title>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="99*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="99*"/>
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="101*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Attribute</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Variable type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">showAdvancedVersioningAlert </entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Suppress client version warnings when accessing a Sametime 9.0 (or higher)
server from an older Connect or Embedded client.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table><table><title>Broadcast and Persistent Chat Preferences - com.ibm.collaboration.realtime.bcs</title>
<tgroup cols="3"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="99*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="99*"/><colspec colname="col3" colwidth="101*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Attribute</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Variable type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">sametimeAdvancedServerName</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Required. Fully qualified <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="WebSphere">Apache
         Tomcat</tm> Application Server host name, for example:
        <userinput>sales</userinput>.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">sametimeAdvancedServerPort</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Required. <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Advanced Server
        port number.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">sametimeCommunityServer</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Required. Default <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm>
        Community Server host name. This is the server users log in to for awareness and
        chat.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">broadcastToolsServerName</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Required. Fully qualified <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="WebSphere">Apache
         Tomcat</tm> Application Server host name.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">broadcastToolsServerPort</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Required. <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="WebSphere">Apache Tomcat</tm>
        Application Server port number. The port number is normally 1883 for HTTP and 8883 for SSL,
        but can be any port specified by the administrator.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">useHTTPS</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean</entry>
<entry colname="col3">If you are using SSL while connecting to the
server, set to true. If you are using HTTP set to <userinput>false</userinput>.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">advancedServerConnectionType</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Connection type to connect to the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime"
         >Sametime</tm> Advanced server. Set to 0 for a direct connection to the server. Set to 1 to
        connect through a reverse proxy.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">broadcastServerConnectionType</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Connection type to connect to the Broadcast
Tools server. Set to 1 for a direct connection to the server. Set
to 2 to connect using SSL.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">useHttpProxy</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Set to <userinput>true</userinput> if you are
using an HTTP forward proxy; otherwise set it to <userinput>false</userinput>.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">proxyHost</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Type the proxy IP address or host name if you
are using a HTTP proxy, otherwise leave it blank.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">proxyPort</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Type the HTTP proxy port to which you are connecting.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">proxyUserName</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Type the user name if the HTTP proxy requires
one for authentication; otherwise leave it blank.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">reverseProxyBaseURL</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Type the reverse proxy base URL to use if connecting
through a reverse proxy. For example: <filepath>http://mycompany.example.com/mycontext</filepath><lines> Leave blank otherwise.</lines></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">reverseProxyUserName</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Enter the reverse proxy user name if the proxy
is authenticating. Leave blank if you are not using reverse proxies. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">jmsProtocol</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Indicate whether the client connects with a
secure connection using the Security Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) or
not. The default is <userinput>disthub</userinput> (to connect without
SSL). Enter <userinput>disthubs</userinput> to connect with SSL.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">liveNameResolveTimeout</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String (the default is 10000 milliseconds)</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Time allowed in milliseconds for awareness names
to resolve. The default is 10000.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">notifyNewOpenCommunities</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean (the default is<userinput>true</userinput> )</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Alert users when a new open community is created.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">notifyNewModeratedCommunities</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean (the default is<userinput>true</userinput> )</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Alert users when a new moderated community is
created.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">notifyNewPrivateCommunities</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean (the default is<userinput>true</userinput> )</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Alert users when a new private community is
created</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">blockBroadcastOnDoNotDisturb</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean (the default is<userinput>true</userinput> )</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Blocks broadcasts when client is set to "Do
not disturb".</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">blockBroadcastOnInMeeting</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean (the default is<userinput>false</userinput> )</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Blocks broadcasts when client is set to "In
a meeting".</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">notifyChatRoomAddMember</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean (the default is<userinput>true</userinput> )</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Alerts users when a chat room has a new member.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">blockChatRoomNotifyOnDoNotDisturb</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean (the default is<userinput>true</userinput> )</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Blocks chat room notifications the client to
"Do not disturb".</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">blockChatRoomNotifyOnInMeeting</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean (the default is<userinput>false</userinput> )</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Blocks chat room notifications when user is
in a meeting.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">broadcastServerUserIdType</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String (the default is<userinput>email</userinput> )</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Specifies the LDAP attribute used as the user
ID.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">useTokens</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean (the default is<userinput>true</userinput> )</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Determines whether the client uses an LTPA token at login. Set this to
         <userinput>false</userinput> only if there is no way to set up Single Sign-On between the
         <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Community Server and the <tm
         tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Advanced Server. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">chatRoomLaunchURLRichClient</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Specifies what type of chat room window the users sees. The value
         <userinput>true</userinput> represents the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime"
         >Sametime</tm> client chat room and the value <userinput>false</userinput> represents the
        web browser chat room.</entry><?Pub Caret 90?>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">onlyActiveChatRooms</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean (default value is <userinput>false</userinput>)</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Limits the chat room list to active chat rooms,
suppressing disabled and archived chat rooms from the list.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">showToolTip</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Boolean (default value is <userinput>true</userinput>)</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Displays the description associated with a chat
room when the user mouses over the chat room name.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">updateInterval</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String (default value is 600000 milliseconds,
or 10 minutes)</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Specifies the wait (in milliseconds) before
chat room data is refreshed. You can improve server performance by
refreshing less frequently.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table><table><title>Community Preferences - com.ibm.collaboration.community</title>
<tgroup cols="3"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="99*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="99*"/><colspec colname="col3" colwidth="101*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Attribute</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Variable type</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">loginTokenRefreshInterval</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String (default value is 900000 milliseconds, or 15 minutes)</entry>
<entry colname="col3">LTPA token timeout in seconds. Best practice is to set this value to 5 minutes
less than the token expiration time configured on the WebSphere server hosting Sametime Advanced,
and on the Community Server. The value should be specified in milliseconds. For example, if the
server-side token expiration timeout is 24 hours, configure loginTokenRefreshInterval=86100000
(which is 23 hours and 55 minutes) on the client.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1381172431 13?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000011436?>
