<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="config_client_xml_location" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Updating client preferences with the managed-settings.xml file</title>
    <shortdesc>Sametime rich clients such as the embedded Sametime client in HCL Notes and the full
        Sametime standalone client are based upon the Eclipse framework. These clients can process a
            <filepath>managed-settings.xml</filepath> file to receive new or updated preferences
        automatically. The <filepath>managed-settings.xml</filepath> file is policy based, and each
        policy can define a different xml file to apply preferences to different groups of users. </shortdesc><?Pub
Caret 333?>
<taskbody>
<context>Use a <filepath>managed-settings.xml</filepath> file to manage and define client
            preferences. The file is hosted on a web server. At login time, the client receives
            policies then checks for the existence of the <filepath>managed-settings.xml</filepath>
            file according to the "<tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> update site
            URL" policy. <p>For example, if the configured URL is http://example.com/updates, the
                client looks for updated preferences in
                http://example.com/updates/managed-settings.xml.</p><p>The
                    <filepath>managed-settings.xml</filepath> file can override and control any
                client preference, including hidden configuration preferences and preferences in the
                client user interface. Many preferences can also be set as read-only by specifying a
                locked="true" attribute for the preference. </p><p>The client settings which can be
                managed using managed-settings.xml are listed in <xref
                    href="config_client_pref_tables.dita"/> as well as its subtopics.</p><p>There is
                a separate configuration file: managed-community-configs.xml which is used to manage
                or change client connectivity and connection preferences. See the topic: <xref
                    href="admin_st_mng_remotecomm.dita"/>.</p><note><tm tmtype="reg"
                    trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> embedded clients for <tm tmtype="reg"
                    trademark="Notes">Notes</tm> can also be managed through the <tm tmtype="reg"
                    trademark="Domino">Domino</tm> Desktop policy settings document.
                </note><p>Follow these steps to create and post a
                    <filepath>managed-settings.xml</filepath> file.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Create a settings XML file and save it as <filepath>managed-settings.xml</filepath>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Define preferences in the settings XML file.</cmd></step>
<step>
                <cmd>Place the <filepath>managed-settings.xml</filepath> file on a web server to
                    host the file.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Update the Sametime Policy for the user in the
                        <filepath>policies.user.xml</filepath> file.</cmd>
            </step>
</steps>
<result>Changes take effect the next time the user starts Sametime. Settings found in the
                <filepath>managed-settings.xml</filepath> take precedence over matching settings in
            the <filepath>plugin_customization.ini</filepath> file.</result>
<postreq>To test changes in a <filepath>managed-settings.xml</filepath> file, create a policy set
            that includes the administration update site URL and place the .xml file in the location
            specified by the update site URL. Apply the policy to yourself and log in to the client
            to verify the preferences. <p>To troubleshoot managed settings, see <xref
                    href="https://support.hcltechsw.com/csm?id=kb_article&amp;sysparm_article=KB0038860"
                    format="html" scope="external">Troubleshooting Sametime Managed
                Settings</xref>.</p></postreq>
</taskbody>

</task>

