<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="config_st_allowed_client_types" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring allowed client types</title>
<shortdesc>You can define the types of clients that can connect to the Sametime server.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
  <context>When using this setting, only client IDs that are on the list are allowed to connect to
      the Sametime server. For more information on the list of Sametime client IDs, see <xref
        href="new_client_ids.dita">Sametime Client IDs</xref>. This is an optional task. Follow
      these steps to specify the list of client types.  </context>
<steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Open a text editor on the Sametime server.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Open the <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> file located in the Sametime server
          installation directory.</cmd>
        <info>The default directory in Windows is <filepath>C:\program files\HCL\domino</filepath>.
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>In the Config section, enter the client type IDs for the allowed client types in the
            <codeph>VPS_ALLOWED_LOGIN_TYPES</codeph> flag. If the flag is not specified or its value
          is empty, then all client types are allowed to connect to the server. It is a
          comma-separated list.</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock id="codeblock_ujh_rtp_3tb">[Config]VPS_ALLOWED_LOGIN_TYPES=130B,130A</codeblock>
          <note>Once the <codeph>VPS_ALLOWED_LOGIN_TYPES</codeph> flag is used, you must update the
            values whenever you add new client types; otherwise the new client type cannot log in.
          </note>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Save the <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> file. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Restart the Sametime server to commit the changes. </cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
</taskbody>
</task>

