<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="config_client_conn_direct" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Connecting the client through a direct connection over TCP/IP</title>
<shortdesc>When a user starts the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect Client
  with a <uicontrol>Direct connection</uicontrol> preference, the client connects to the <tm
   tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Community server using a unique <tm tmtype="reg"
   trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> protocol over TCP/IP. By default, the Community Server listens
  for this connection on port 1533. Use this preference when the connection does not need to occur
  through a proxy server, and the network does not block TCP/IP connections on the port used by the
  client.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>A successful connection depends on these prerequisites.<ul>
<li>The client&apos;s preferences for the server community must contain
a valid Host server and Server community port for a TCP/IP connection.</li>
<li>The <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Community Server Connection Settings for
            <uicontrol>Client Connections</uicontrol>, as defined in the <tm tmtype="reg"
            trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> configuration database, must match the Host server
          and Server community port specified in the client. The default port is 1533.</li>
</ul><p>The connection can fail if it must pass through a proxy server
or network that prevents direct TCP/IP Connections on the specified
port.</p></prereq>
<context>Follow these steps to select the <uicontrol>Direct connection</uicontrol> method
for the client.</context>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd>From the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect  client, click <menucascade>
      <uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
      <uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol>
     </menucascade>.</cmd>
   </step>
<step><cmd>Do one of the following:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To select this connection method for all server communities,
click <uicontrol>Server Communities</uicontrol>. In the "Global connection
settings" section, click <uicontrol>Direct connection</uicontrol> and
click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</choice>
<choice>To select this connection method for only one server community,
click <uicontrol>Server Communities</uicontrol>, select the server
community name, and open the <uicontrol>Connection</uicontrol> tab.
Deselect <uicontrol>Use global connection settings</uicontrol>, then
click <uicontrol>Direct connection</uicontrol> and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.
Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to close the <uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol> window.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>

</task>

