<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configuring_policies" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Configuring policies </title>
    <shortdesc>In previous versions of Sametime there was a graphical user interface available to
        configure policies. In Sametime 12.0 configuring policies are done in the
            <filepath>policies.user.xml</filepath> file, which is located on the Sametime
        server.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>
            <p>You can use the <filepath>policies.user.xml</filepath> file to restrict or grant
                access to users depending upon their level of need. For example, the maximum size
                for a file being transferred helps manage traffic over the servers. However, you
                might have a group of users who have a business need to transfer larger files. You
                can set a new policy specific to those users that has a higher maximum.</p>
            <p>You need operating system access to the Sametime server for this task.</p>
            <p><data>
                    <title>About the policies.user.xml file </title>
                </data></p>
            <p>The file is organized into templates: <ul>
                    <li>Instant Messaging default (im.default.policy) </li>
                    <li>Instant Messaging Anonymous (im.anonymous.policy) </li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>If you open the file using a text or XML editor, you will also notice a template that
                has been commented with <codeph>&lt;!-</codeph> notation. This section is to be used
                as template to create new policies. When making changes to policies ensure you are
                in the correct policy template.</p>
            <p>
                <note>Do not use the following special characters in the policy's name or in any one
                    of the values of policy attributes: </note>
                <ul>
                    <li>Ampersand (<codeph>&amp;</codeph>)</li>
                    <li>Apostrophe (<codeph>'</codeph>)</li>
                    <li>Quotation mark (<codeph>"</codeph>)</li>
                    <li>Greater than character (<codeph>></codeph>)</li>
                    <li>Less than character (<codeph>&lt;</codeph>)</li>
                    <li>backslash character (<codeph>\</codeph>)</li>
                    <li>Forward slash (<codeph>/</codeph>)</li>
                    <li>spaces (<codeph> </codeph>)</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p>
                <note>You will be making changes to an .XML file. To check the syntax after making
                    changes to the server, you can preview the file using a browser. If there is a
                    problem in the XML formatting it will be easier to identify. If the XML has
                    incorrect syntax, it will result in policy service failure.</note>
            </p>
            <p>Policies are divided into attribute groups:</p>
            <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="configuring_policies">
                <title><b>Table - 1</b></title>
                <tgroup cols="2">
                    <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <thead>
                        <row>
                            <entry>Attribute group name</entry>
                            <entry>What is inside</entry>
                        </row>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry>imserver.policygroup.chat</entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Persistent Chat</p>
                                <p>enableOffline Messages </p>
                                <p>im.thirdPartyMeetingEnabled = Set to true to enable Sametime 11.6
                                    meetings</p>
                                <p>im.metingsEnabled = Set to true to enable Sametime 11.6
                                    meetings</p>
                                <p>im.2019.label = User must set this community as the default
                                    server community (IC)</p>
                                <p>im.2011.label = Allow user to add multiple server communities
                                    (IC)</p>
                                <p>im.2001.label = Allow user to add external users using Sametime
                                    gateway communities</p>
                                <p>im.2002.label = Allow user to save chat transcripts (IC)</p>
                                <p>im.2004.label = Automatically save chat transcripts (IC)</p>
                                <p>im.2006.label = Maximum days to save automatically saved chat
                                    transcripts (IC)</p>
                                <p>im.2014.label = Limit contact list size</p>
                                <p>im.2015.label = Contacts</p>
                                <p>im.2010.label = Allow mobile client</p>
                                <p>im.2012.label = Sametime update site URL (IC)</p>
                                <p>im.3000.label = Allow all Sametime Connect features to be used
                                    with integrated clients (IC) </p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>imserver.policygroup.image</entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>im.2008.label = Allow custom emoticons (IC)</p>
                                <p>im.2009.label = Allow screen capture and images (IC)</p>
                                <p>im.2020.label = Set maximum image size for custom emoticons,
                                    screen captures, and inline images (IC)</p>
                                <p>im.2021.label = KB </p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>imserver.policygroup.filetransfer</entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>im.1.label = Allow user to transfer files through server (IC)</p>
                                <p>im.2.label = Maximum individual file transfer size, in Kilobytes,
                                    for files sent through the server (IC)</p>
                                <p>im.3.label = Use exclude file types transfer list, for files sent
                                    through the server (IC)</p>
                                <p>im.4.label = Types to exclude from transfer. Type the
                                    three-letter extension of each file type, separated by a comma
                                    or semicolon (IC) </p>
                                <p>im.2005.label = Allow client-to-client file transfer (IC) </p>
                                <p>im.allowTransferringMutipleFilesAndFolders = allows users to
                                    transfer multiple files and folders in a chat </p>
                                <p>im.allowTransferringFiletoNWayParticipants = allows users to
                                    transfer files to all participants in a n-way chat </p>
                                <p>im.maxNumberUsersToReceiveSingleFileInOneFileTransferSession =
                                    set a maximum numbers of users in the n-way chat to receive
                                    files during a file transfer.</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>imserver.policygroup.plugin </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>im.2013.label = Allow user to install plug-ins (IC) </p>
                                <p>im.2022.label = Sametime optional plug-in site URLs. Type the
                                    URLs separated by a comma or semicolon (IC) </p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>imserver.policygroup.mobile</entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>im.mobile.allowLocationReporting.label = Allow location
                                    reporting</p>
                                <p>im.mobile.disableUntrustedSsl.label = Disable untrusted SSL</p>
                                <p>im.mobile.disablePasswordSave.label = Disable password save</p>
                                <p>im.mobile.AllowSendFiles - Allows the mobile to send files if
                                    file transfer policy is also enabled</p>
                                <p>im.mobile.AllowReceiveFiles - Allows the mobile to receive files
                                    if file transfer policy is also enabled (means files received
                                    over chat will be stored in Files app for iOS and on the
                                    synonymous thing for Android. If you don't want files outside
                                    the app, turn this off and all we have to do is not advertise
                                    the capability and no one can send to you.)</p>
                                <p>im.mobile.restrictClipboard - Clipboard will be cleared when you
                                    go to the background.</p>
                                <p>im.mobile.allowShareChatImages - Means that images sent to a user
                                    in a chat can be shared outside the container. To photos, Files,
                                    other apps, etc.</p>
                                <p>im.mobile.allowSendImages - Allows the mobile to send photos if
                                    im.2009 (Allow screen capture and images) policy is also
                                    enabled.</p>
                                <p>im.mobile.mamPolicySignature - Enables an administrator to
                                    require that mobile devices running HCL Sametime be managed.</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                    </tbody>
                </tgroup>
            </table>
            <p>To enable or disable a feature, locate the feature’s current-value and change to
                either 0 for disabled, or 1 for enabled. </p>
            <p><b>For example,</b> to disable “User must set this community as the default server
                community”, locate the feature ‘s label (im.2019) then change the XML syntax from
                current-value=”0”</p>
            <p><codeph>&lt;p:policy-attribute id="im.2019" type="boolean" current-value="0"
                    default-value="0" master-attribute-link="null" possible-value-labels="null"
                    possible-values="null" label="im.2019.label" description="im.2019.desc"
                    visible="true"/> </codeph></p>
            <p>Change to current-value=”1” </p>
            <p><codeph>&lt;p:policy-attribute id="im.2019" type="boolean" current-value="1"
                    default-value="0" master-attribute-link="null" possible-value-labels="null"
                    possible-values="null" label="im.2019.label" description="im.2019.desc"
                    visible="true"/></codeph></p>
        </context>

</taskbody>
</task>
