<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="customize_docker" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Adding corporate branding to meeting pages using Docker</title>
 <taskbody>
<steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>To customize the product name, product logo, and banner edit the
            <filepath>custom.env</filepath> file in the directory where the installation package was
          decompressed.</cmd>
        <substeps id="substeps_k4t_mcf_htb">
          <substep>
            <cmd>Add the appropriate statements to the <filepath>custom.env</filepath> file to
              reflect your changes.</cmd>
            <info>
              <ul id="ul_mzf_4cf_htb">
                <li>To change the product name, add the following statement specifying the new
                  product
                  name.<codeblock id="codeblock_nzf_4cf_htb">REACT_APP_PRODUCT_NAME=<varname>new_product_name</varname></codeblock></li>
                <li>To change the logo, add the following statement specifying the location and name
                  of the new logo. The image file can be any size. It is re-sized to approximately
                  260x260 pixels.
                    <codeblock id="codeblock_acs_srq_dvb">REACT_APP_PRODUCT_LOGO_URL=https://meetings.hcl-showcase.com/images/branding/Showcase_Logo.jpg</codeblock><p>The
                    logo can either be a URL to an accessible image like
                      <filepath>https://mycompany.com/assets/logo.png</filepath> or it can be an
                    absolute path like <filepath> /images/branding/my-logo.png</filepath>. If you
                    use the absolute path, the image must be placed on the system using the
                    following
                    command.<codeblock id="codeblock_kzz_grf_htb">cp my-logo.png sametime-config/web/branding/.</codeblock></p><p>Add
                    the following statement containing the URL to the Sametime server where you
                    access meetings. This is used for gathering meeting
                    reports.<codeblock id="codeblock_i5p_p33_3tb">REACT_APP_PRODUCT_LOGO_URL=https://meetings.hcl-showcase.com/images/branding/Showcase_Logo.jpg"</codeblock></p></li>
                <li>To change the meeting banner, add the following statement specifying the
                  location and name of the new
                  banner.<codeblock>REACT_APP_MEETING_BANNER_IMAGE=<varname>banner_image</varname></codeblock></li>
                <li>To change the meeting background, add the following statement specifying the
                  location and name of the new
                    background.<codeblock id="codeblock_cpv_4rf_htb">REACT_APP_MEETING_BACKGROUND_IMAGE=<varname>background_image</varname></codeblock><p>The
                    background image can be a URL to an accessible image like
                      <filepath>https://mycompany.com/assets/theme.png</filepath> or it can be an
                    absolute path like <filepath> /images/branding/my-logo.png</filepath>. If you
                    use the absolute path, the image must be placed on the system using the
                    following
                    command.<codeblock id="codeblock_rty_yrf_htb">cp my-theme.png sametime-config/web/branding/.</codeblock></p></li>
              </ul>
            </info>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Run <cmdname>docker-compose up -d</cmdname> command to apply all changes.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
<step id="customize_brand_favion">
        <cmd>To update the favicon, replace the following files with your version.</cmd>
        <info><ul id="ul_gfj_jrq_dvb">
            <li>favicon.ico </li>
            <li>favicon-16x16.ico</li>
            <li>favicon-24x24.ico</li>
            <li>favicon-32x32.ico</li>
            <li>favicon-64x64.ico</li>
          </ul>You must specify at a minimum the <filepath>favicon.ico</filepath> file. When it is
          the only file available, it is used for each of the other .ico files.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>To update the app icons, copy the files to the persistent volume. This replaces the
          following files. </cmd>
        <info><ul id="ul_gf5_nrq_dvb">
            <li>app-512x512.png</li>
            <li>app-192x192.png</li>
          </ul>You must specify at a minimum the <filepath>app-app-512x512.png</filepath> file. When
          it is the only file available, it also used for the <filepath>app-192x192.png</filepath>
          file.</info>
      </step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003147?>
