<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="enabling_photo_cache" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Enabling support for photos in the Proxy Server and Meeting Server</title>
    <shortdesc>This procedure creates a photo cache on the Sametime Proxy Server that serves photos to the Proxy Server web and mobile clients and to the Sametime 11.6 Meeting Server clients.</shortdesc>

<taskbody>
<context>
            <note>Sametime Proxy 11.6 requires photocache enabled for Meetings and Mobile clients.
                Photocache is now enabled by default.</note>
            <p>The Meeting server retrieves photos from the Proxy Server cache and does not have its
                own cache. The Proxy Server retrieves photos from the location specified in the
                Community Server business cards configuration and caches the photos to a specified
                drive on the Proxy Server.</p>
            <p>In addition to completing this procedure, to support photos for the Proxy Server and
                Meeting Server, you must configure business cards on the Community Server that get
                information from the Domino directory Person document or from an LDAP directory.
                Photos must be stored in the photoURL field (Domino) or as a photo URL in an LDAP
                attribute (LDAP directory). Photos as attachments are not supported. For more
                information on configuring business cards, see the topic <xref
                    href="setting_business_cards.dita">Setting up business cards</xref>.</p>
            <p><b>Procedure</b></p>
            <ol id="ol_csj_jtm_fmb">
                <li>Remote into the Sametime Proxy Server.</li>
                <li>Create a directory in which to store the cached photos, for example:
                        <i>d:\hcl\photocache.</i>
                    <note>Linux servers must have read, write, and delete access to this
                        directory.</note></li>
                <li>Use a text or xml editor to open the <codeph>stproxyconfig.xml</codeph> file,
                    located in <codeph>sametimeproxy\conf\stproxyconfig.xml</codeph>.</li>
                <li>Add a <uicontrol>&lt;photoCache></uicontrol> section that enables the use of the
                    photo cache and provides the URL and path to its location.
                        <p><b>Example</b>:<codeblock>&lt;photoCache>
       &lt;enabled>true&lt;/enabled>
       &lt;storageLocation>d:\hcl\photocache&lt;/storageLocation>
       &lt;cacheExpiry>10&lt;/cacheExpiry>
       &lt;proxyServerURL>http://webchat.example.com&lt;/proxyServerURL>  
&lt;/photoCache></codeblock></p><ol>
                        <li>In the <uicontrol>&lt;storageLocation> </uicontrol> choose the directory
                            that was created to store the cached photos.</li>
                        <li>In the <uicontrol>&lt;proxyServerURL></uicontrol>, provide the fully
                            qualified domain name of the Sametime Proxy Server.</li>
                    </ol></li>
                <li>Save and close the file.</li>
            </ol>
        </context>
</taskbody>
</task>
