<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="enable_disable" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Configuring live streaming </title>
    <shortdesc>If you have a high number of users that need to attend a meeting without two-way
        interaction, you can live stream the conference to YouTube. It will only be a listen and
        watch experience for attendees in the live stream. The users will attend this meeting using
        a YouTube URL. Most of the live stream requirements are on the YouTube account that belongs
        to the user who moderates the meeting. In the context of YouTube live streaming, consider
        the Sametime Meeting server as an “encoder” for YouTube. There is no requirement to install
        additional software. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_ot1_x3t_pnb">
            <p><b>Prerequisites for Livestream:</b>
            </p>
            <ul id="ul_z54_z3t_pnb">
                <li>To use the live stream feature, you must have meeting recordings enabled on the
                    Sametime Meeting Server. If you do not have a meeting recorder, a live stream
                    will not be available. </li>
                <li>Only meeting moderators can start the live stream. Meeting moderators are
                    indicated with a small star on their participant tile. </li>
            </ul>
            <p><b>YouTube Requirements for Live Streaming</b>
            </p>
            <ul id="ul_mnh_wjt_pnb">
                <li>The person who moderates the meeting must have a YouTube publishing enabled
                    account. It can take up to 24 hours for YouTube to enable this feature on an
                    account. Users should plan accordingly. </li>
                <li>Your YouTube channel needs to be verified. See the <xref
                        href="https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2474026#enable"
                        format="html" scope="external">YouTube Studio help</xref> for details. </li>
                <li>You require a YouTube Studio tool to create a live stream and obtain a streaming
                    key. The stream name/key and YouTube Live URL are necessary for the Sametime
                    meeting.s</li>
            </ul>
            <p><b>Disabling Live stream: </b></p>
            <ul id="ul_lps_qkt_pnb">
                <li>Disabling live stream is a server-wide setting; there is no user-based policy
                    available to disable the feature. </li>
                <li>The live stream will be disabled if you do not have a Sametime meeting recorder.
                </li>
            </ul>
        </prereq>
        <context id="context_yvy_v3t_pnb">This page describes the requirements for live streaming,
            as well as the steps to disable the feature.<p>If you need meeting recordings enabled
                and live stream disabled, follow this procedure: </p><note>All commands provided
                require running as ROOT or SUDO access. If not running as root user, preface all
                commands with ‘sudo'. </note><p><b>Procedure for Docker based Meeting Servers</b>
            </p><ol id="ol_sbt_vkt_pnb">
                <li>Place the custom.env in edit mode. <codeblock>vi custom.env </codeblock></li>
                <li>Add the following line:
                    <codeblock>REACT_APP_LIVE_STREAMING_ENABLED=false</codeblock></li>
                <li>Save the custom.env file.</li>
                <li>Restart the Sametime Meeting Server using the instructions in the topic <xref
                        href="starting_and_stopping_meeting_servers.dita"/>.</li>
            </ol><p><b>Procedure for Kubernetes based Meeting Servers </b></p><ol
                id="ol_lzg_blt_pnb">
                <li>Place the helm/values.yaml in edit mode.
                    <codeblock>vi helm/values.yaml</codeblock></li>
                <li>Change the following line to <b>false</b>.
                    <codeblock>enableLiveStreaming=false</codeblock></li>
                <li>Update the deployment use the helm command:
                    <codeblock>helm upgrade deployment helm/. </codeblock></li>
                <li>Restart the Sametime Meeting Server using the instructions in the topic <xref
                        href="starting_and_stopping_meeting_servers.dita"/>.</li>
            </ol></context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
