<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="example_preferences" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Deploy managed-settings.xml or managed-community-configs.xml file to a web server</title>
    <shortdesc>Once the xml file(s) is ready to be deployed to users, the file must be placed on a web server to host it. This can be any web server the users can reach.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
        <context id="context_vyq_pxs_w4b">
            <p>The web server that hosts the managed-settings.xml and/or
                managed-community-configs.xml must allow these two files to be accessed anonymously. </p>
            <p><b>Procedure</b>
            </p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Prior to placing the managed-settings.xml and/or managed-community-configs.xml
                    on the web server, open the file using a browser and ensure it is not producing
                    any syntax errors. If errors are present, they should be resolved first. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If choosing Domino for the web server it must be running the http task. Place the managed-settings.xml file in the Domino web server directory: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>For windows:
                        <codeblock>c:\Program Files\HCL\Domino\data\domino\html</codeblock></p>
                    <p>For Linux: <codeblock>/local/notesdata/domino/html </codeblock></p>
                    <p>Example resulting URL:
                        <codeblock>http://www.example.com/managed-settings.xml </codeblock></p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The managed-settings.xml file must be named “managed-settings.xml”.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>If you require more than one managed-settings.xml file, they can be placed in
                        different folders on the web server, for example (on Windows):
                        <codeblock>c:\Program Files\HCL\Domino\data\domino\html\default\managed-settings.xml 

c:\Program Files\HCL\Domino\data\domino\html\nomeetings\managed-settings.xml </codeblock></p>
                    <p>Example resulting URLs:
                        <codeblock>http://www.example.com/default/managed-settings.xml 

http://www.example.com/nomeetings/managed-settings.xml </codeblock></p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The Sametime server will look in the folder specified in the URL for both a managed-settings.xml and a managed-community-configs.xml. If you are using both types of files, your URL defined in the policy must be scoped to the folder path where the two files reside.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>For example:
                        <codeblock>http://www.example.com/default 

http://www.example.com/nomeetings </codeblock></p>
                    <note>Do not use the following special characters in your folder names<ul
                            id="ul_vlf_51t_w4b">
                            <li>Ampersand (&amp;) </li>
                            <li>Apostrophe(‘) </li>
                            <li>Quotation mark (“) </li>
                            <li>Greater than character (>) </li>
                            <li>Less than character (&lt;) </li>
                            <li>backslash character (\) </li>
                            <li>Forward slash (/) </li>
                            <li>spaces ( ) </li>
                            <li>hash symbol (#) </li>
                        </ul></note>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq id="postreq_hgg_2bt_w4b">
            <p><xref href="update_client_policy.dita">Updating the client policy to include the
                    managed settings URL</xref>.</p>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
