<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="increase_activecameras" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Increasing active cameras</title>
    <shortdesc>The default allowed active cameras is eight, with the most recent active cameras
        displaying. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context id="context_nwx_rr4_ftb">
            <p>Including your own, by default the maximum number of videos that can be shown
                simultaneously in a meeting is <i>nine</i>. The default is the officially supported
                and recommended setting based on testing. Depending on your business needs, you can
                increase the value. Restore to the default setting if performance isses are
                encountered.</p>
            <ul id="ul_lj5_z2h_htb">
                <li>Docker<ul id="ul_mj5_z2h_htb">
                        <li>custom.env</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li>Kubernetes<ul id="ul_nj5_z2h_htb">
                        <li>helm/values.yaml</li>
                    </ul></li>
            </ul>
            <note id="note_z3w_drn_t5b">These values are case sensitive and must be entered as shown
                below. </note>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_dxm_fy5_ktb">
            <step>
                <cmd>Modify the configuration file. The default value is <varname>8</varname>.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ol id="ol_m3f_bb2_ltb">
                        <li>For Docker environments, update the <parmname>CHANNEL_LAST_N</parmname>
                            parameter to increase the number of active cameras. For example,
                                <parmname>CHANNEL_LAST_N = 11</parmname>. When applied, you are able
                            to view up to 12 simultaneous videos in a meeting including your own
                            tile.</li>
                        <li>For Kubernetes environments, update the
                                <parmname>channelLastN</parmname> parameter to increase the number
                            of active cameras. For example, <parmname>channelLastN : 11</parmname>.
                            When applied, you are able to view up to 12 simultaneous videos in a
                            meeting including your own tile.</li>
                    </ol>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Restart the Sametime server to apply the changes. For more information, refer
                    to <xref
                        href="https://help.hcltechsw.com/sametime/12/admin/starting_and_stopping_servers.html"
                        format="html" scope="external">Starting and stopping servers</xref>.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
