<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="st_adm_comm_silentinstall_t" xml:lang="en-us"><title>Installing <ph conref="../define.dita#define/prod_st_short"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
>IBM</tm> Sametime</ph> Connect on Windows in silent mode</title><shortdesc>You install the <ph conref="../define.dita#define/prod_st_short"><tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Sametime</ph> Connect Client on <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Windows"
>Microsoft Windows</tm> in silent mode by using two files that are provided with the client
installation kit.</shortdesc><taskbody><context><p>The <filepath>silentinstall.ini</filepath> file contains configuration parameters for the <ph
conref="../define.dita#define/prod_st_short"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Sametime</ph>
Connect client. The settings are used to prepopulate the <filepath>community-config.xml</filepath>
file with server connection information and other parameters required by the installer.</p></context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Download the clienet installation package.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Copy the <filepath>setup.bat</filepath> and the <filepath>silentinstall.ini</filepath> files
from the root of the download, and then update them to meet your requirements. </cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Update the <filepath>setup.bat</filepath> file.</cmd>
<info>
<p>The batch file (<filepath>setup.bat</filepath>) contains several different commands that can be
used to perform different installation functions. Some of the commands are commented out by default
but can be uncommented and updated if the function is needed. Detailed explanations are included in
the <filepath>setup.bat</filepath> file.</p>
<p>The commands in the <filepath>setup.bat</filepath> file contains configuration parameters, which
are described in Table 1.</p>
<table id="table_agr_rcd_b5">
<title><ph conref="../define.dita#define/prod_st_short"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm>
Sametime</ph> Connect command line parameters in the <filepath>setup.bat</filepath> file</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>install.log</codeph>
</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The name of the log file created by the installer. The file is created in the
same directory as the installer.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>INSTALLDIR={path}</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Full path to the desired installation directory.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STSILENTINIFILE={name}</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Name of the <filepath>silentinstall.ini</filepath> file.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STSILENTINSTALL=TRUE</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Must be TRUE for silent execution.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STMIGRATESETTINGSPRE75CHK</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Instructs the installer to migrate connection settings from an existing
pre-7.5 version of <ph conref="../define.dita#define/prod_st_short"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
>IBM</tm> Sametime</ph>.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>LAPAGREE=</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Set to YES to indicate acceptance of the license agreement. This must be
specified on the command-line when the <filepath>silentinstall.ini</filepath> file is not used. When
<filepath>silentinstall.ini</filepath> is used, LAPAGREE is set in that file.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Update the <filepath>silentinstall.ini</filepath> file.</cmd>
<info>
<p>The commands in the <filepath>silentinstall.ini</filepath> file contains configuration
parameters, which are described in Table 2.</p>
<table id="table_lzx_scd_b5">
<title>Parameters in the <filepath>silentinstall.ini</filepath> file</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>LAPAGREE=NO</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">You must change this parameter to YES to indicate acceptance of the license
agreement.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>CREATECOMMUNITYTEMPLATE=true</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">When set to <userinput>true</userinput>, this parameter creates a
<filepath>community-config.xml</filepath> file. If you use a custom
<filepath>plugin_customization.ini</filepath> file to set initial preferences that are unique to
your site or to add custom features, change this value to <userinput>false</userinput> to ensure
that your custom settings are honored.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STSERVERNAME=stservername.domain.com</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Fully qualified host name of the <ph
conref="../define.dita#define/prod_st_short"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Sametime</ph>
Community Server. Normally this should be the same as the home server specified in the Person
document.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STCOMMUNITYNAME= YourCommunityName</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Community name</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STSERVERPORT=1533</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><ph conref="../define.dita#define/prod_st_short"><tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Sametime</ph> Community Server IP port number</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STSENDKEEPALIVE=true</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Flag for sending keep-alive signal. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STKEEPALIVETIME=60</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Default is 60 seconds. Indicates how often to check the connectivity between
the client and server, allowing timely notification if disconnected. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STCONNECTIONTYPE75=direct</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Connection type</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STPROXYHOST=Proxy port number (leave blank if not
used)</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><ph conref="../define.dita#define/prod_st_short"><tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Sametime</ph> Proxy host name (leave blank if not used)</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STPROXYPORT=</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><ph conref="../define.dita#define/prod_st_short"><tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Sametime</ph> Proxy port number (leave blank if not used)</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STRESOLVELOCALY75=</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><ph conref="../define.dita#define/prod_st_short"><tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Sametime</ph> Proxy resolves local flag (TRUE/FALSE)</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STPROXYUSERNAME=</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><ph conref="../define.dita#define/prod_st_short"><tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Sametime</ph> Proxy user name (leave blank if not used)</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STPROXYPASSWORD=</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><ph conref="../define.dita#define/prod_st_short"><tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Sametime</ph> Proxy password (leave blank if not used)</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STCOUNTRYLANG=en</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">
<p>Specify one of the language codes to set the language used by the <ph
conref="../define.dita#define/prod_st_short"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Sametime</ph>
Connect client. If not specified, the client computer's default language is used.<ul>
<li>cs - Czech </li>
<li>da - Danish </li>
<li>de - German </li>
<li>el - Greek</li>
<li>en - English</li>
<li>es - Spanish </li>
<li>fi - Finnish </li>
<li>fr - French</li>
<li>hu - Hungarian</li>
<li>it - Italian</li>
<li>ja - Japanese</li>
<li>ko - Korean</li>
<li>nl - Dutch</li>
<li>nb - Norwegian</li>
<li>pl - Polish</li>
<li>pt - Portuguese (Portugal) </li>
<li>pt_BR - Portuguese (Brazil)</li>
<li>ru - Russian</li>
<li>sv - Swedish</li>
<li>tr - Turkish</li>
<li>zh_CN - Chinese (simplified)</li>
<li>zh_TW - Chinese (traditional)</li>
</ul></p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STAUTHSERVERURL=</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Specifies the URL of the Auth Server for SSO Token Login (leave blank if not
used)<p>See <xref href="../config/st_adm_security_sso_spnego_t.dita">Configuring single sign-on with
Microsoft Windows Active Directory</xref> for additional information.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STLOGINBYTOKEN=false</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Login By Token flag. TRUE/FALSE</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STUSEAUTHSERVER=false</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Use Auth Server flag. TRUE/FALSE</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STLOGINATSTARTUP=false</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Login at startup flag. TRUE/FALSE </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STUNINSTALL75=1</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">
<p>Uninstall <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> 7.5.x client flag:</p>
<p>1=uninstall 7.5.x client if found</p>
<p>0=leave 7.5.x client installed</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><codeph>STUNINSTALLPRE75=1</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col2">
<p>Uninstall <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> clients older than release 7.5:</p>
<p>1=uninstall pre-7.5 client if found (default)</p>
<p>0=leave pre-7.5 client installed</p>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Copy the updated files to the user's computer.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Run the silent install with the following command: <codeph>setup.bat
-silentinstall.ini</codeph></cmd>
</step>
</steps></taskbody>
<?tm 1261246046 18?></task>
