<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="installing_sametime_connect_embedded" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Installing Sametime Connect and Embedded clients on Windows</title>
    <shortdesc>This topic covers basic installation for the Sametime standalone client on Windows.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
    <context>
            <p>Before getting started, it review the client installation customization options.
                Customizing the client can ease your deployment.</p>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_b1g_lnf_25b">
            <step>
                <cmd>Decompress the client installation package into a temporary directory.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the temporary directory, locate and double-click
                        <filepath>SETUP.EXE</filepath>.</cmd>
                <info>The installation process begins. When prompted, select the language to be
                    displayed in the installation wizard windows.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>From the <wintitle>Welcome</wintitle> screen, click
                    <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the <wintitle>License Agreement</wintitle> screen, review the license
                    information.</cmd>
                <info>To continue click <uicontrol>I accept the terms in the license
                        agreement</uicontrol> and then click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the next screen, specify where to install the client and then click
                        <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <info>The default value for the <uicontrol>Install location</uicontrol> field is
                        <filepath>C:\HCL\Sametime Connect</filepath>. You can select another
                    location, you must remember it for future tasks.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Install</uicontrol> to start the install process.</cmd>
                <info>After the install is complete, click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</info>
            </step>
        </steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
