<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="installing_on_docker" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Installing Sametime on Docker</title>
 <?Pub Caret 3?>
 <shortdesc>Installing Sametime involves starting the install procedure and specifying configuration
    information for the server, such as the credentials, the ports, MongoDB, and LDAP that the
    server uses.</shortdesc>
 <taskbody>
    <prereq id="prereq_pvh_2v4_htb">Download the product from the HCL Software Portal.</prereq>
  <context>
      <p>Docker commands are used throughout the install process. All commands require running as a
        root user. If not running as root user, you must preface all commands with
          <cmdname>sudo</cmdname>. </p>
    </context>
  <steps>
   <step>
        <cmd>Verify that the product files downloaded and extract to the desired installation
          directory.</cmd>
        <info>Change to the installation directory and verify that  the permissions are set
          correctly by running the following commands:<codeblock>
# cd <varname>sametime_install</varname>
# ls -la</codeblock>
          <p>Where <varname>sametime_install</varname> is the installation directory.</p></info>
      </step>
   <step>
        <cmd>From the installation directory, run the Sametime install command.</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock># ./install.sh</codeblock>
        </info>
        <stepresult>The install command begins the installation of the Sametime
          product.</stepresult>
      </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Enter the information for the prompts.</cmd>
    <info>You are prompted to enter the following information. See <xref
            href="installation_prompt_descriptions.dita" scope="local" format="dita"/></info>
   </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>If you are defining extra hosts, see <xref href="t_installing_docker_extrahosts.dita"
            scope="local" format="dita"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
  </steps>
  <result>After the installation is completed, the HCL Sametime services that support chat and
      meetings are running.</result>
  <postreq id="postreq_egq_5rg_htb">Test the Sametime chat and meeting services. for details, see
        <xref href="t_testing_sametime_chat.dita"/>.</postreq>
 </taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003147?>
