<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="installing_connectclient_silentinstall" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Installing  the Connect client in silent mode</title>
 <shortdesc>The Connect client can be installed on a user's machine either by sending the install
  package to the user or by pushing the installation to the user's machine. In either case, the
  installation is an <term>silent install</term>. </shortdesc>
 <taskbody>
  <context>
   <p>Silent install is available only on the Windows platform.</p>
   <p>The batch file used to start the install process is <filepath>setup.bat</filepath>. This batch
    file contains the <cmdname>setup.exe</cmdname> command with default parameter values to run the
    installer. You can modify the parameters. The following table shows the command parameters and
    default values.<table id="table_vmq_hp5_lvb">
     <title>Parameters in the <filepath>setup.bat</filepath> file</title>
     <tgroup cols="2">
      <colspec colname="col1"/>
      <colspec colname="col2"/>
      <thead>
       <row valign="bottom">
        <entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
       </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">install.log </entry>
        <entry colname="col2">The name of the log file created by the installer. The file is created
         in the same directory as the installer.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">INSTALLDIR=<varname>installation_directory</varname></entry>
        <entry colname="col2">The full path of the installation directory.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STSILENTINIFILE=<varname>ini_file_name</varname></entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Name of the configuration INI file. The default is
          <filepath>silentinstall.ini</filepath> .</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STSILENTINSTALL=TRUE</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Indicates the install is a silent install. This value must be TRUE for
         silent execution.</entry>
       </row>
      </tbody>
     </tgroup>
    </table></p>
   <p>The <filepath> setup.bat</filepath> file contains several different commands that can be used
    to perform different installation functions. Some of the commands are commented out by default,
    you can remove the comment tag and updated if the function is needed. Detailed explanations are
    included in the setup.bat file.</p>
   <p>The <filepath>silentinstall.ini</filepath> file contains configuration parameters for the
    Connect client. The settings are used to populate the <filepath>community-config.xml</filepath>
    file with server connection information and other parameters required by the installer. The
    following table describes the configuration parameters. <table id="table_k4l_vq5_lvb">
     <title>Parameters in the <filepath>silentinstall.ini</filepath> file</title>
     <tgroup cols="2">
      <colspec colname="col1"/>
      <colspec colname="col2"/>
      <thead>
       <row valign="bottom">
        <entry colname="col1">Parameter</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
       </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">LAPAGREE=NO</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Specify whether to accept the license agreement. This value must be
           <codeph><userinput>YES</userinput></codeph>. <p>The default value is <codeph>NO</codeph>.
          You must change this parameter to <userinput>YES</userinput> for silent install to
          work.</p></entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">CREATECOMMUNITYTEMPLATE=true</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Specifies whether community properties such as STSERVERNAME and
         STCOMMUNITYNAME are ignored. When set to false, the
          <filepath>community-config.xml</filepath> is not created in the
           <filepath><varname>installation_directory</varname>\rcp\deploy</filepath> folder. <p>All
           <parmname>community-config</parmname> properties should be put in the
           <filepath>plugin_customization.ini</filepath> in the <filepath>
           <varname>installation_media_root_directory-root_directory</varname>\deploy</filepath>
          directory. If using a custom <filepath>plugin_customization.ini</filepath>, ensure that
          the value is set to <codeph>true</codeph>.</p></entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STSERVERNAME=<varname>stservername.domain.com</varname></entry>
        <entry colname="col2">The fully qualified host name of the Sametime server. Normally this is
         the same as the home server specified in the person document.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STCOMMUNITYNAME= <varname>community_name</varname></entry>
        <entry colname="col2">The name of the community.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STSERVERPORT=1533</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">The IP port number of the Sametime server.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STSENDKEEPALIVE=true</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Flag for sending keep-alive signal.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STKEEPALIVETIME=60</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Indicates how often to check the connectivity between the client and
         server, allowing timely notification if disconnected. The default is 60 seconds.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STCONNECTIONTYPE75=direct</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">The type of connection. Valid values are: direct, useBrowserSettings,
         tls-direct, http-direct, socks4-proxy, socks5-proxy, http-proxy, https-proxy, and
         reverse-proxy. The default value is direct.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STPROXYHOST=<varname>proxy_host_name</varname></entry>
        <entry colname="col2">The host name of the proxy server. If you are not using a proxy, leave
         this field blank.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STPROXYPORT=<varname>proxy_port_number</varname></entry>
        <entry colname="col2">The port number of the proxy sever. If you are not using a proxy,
         leave this field blank.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STRESOLVELOCALY75=</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">The proxy resolves local flag . Specify true or false.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STPROXYUSERNAME=</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">The user name for the proxy server. If you are not using a proxy,
         leave this field blank.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STPROXYPASSWORD=</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">The password for the proxy server. If you are not using a proxy, leave
         this field blank.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1"><codeph>STCOUNTRYLANG=en</codeph></entry>
        <entry colname="col2">
         <p>The language to be used by the Connect client. Specify the language code for the
          language to be used. The default vlaue is English. If a value is not specified, the client
          computer's default language is used. <lines id="lines_jcl_mjz_lvb">
cs          Czech
da          Danish
de          German
el           Greek
en           English
es           Spanish
fi            Finnish
fr            French
hu           Hungarian
it            Italian
ja           Japanese
ko           Korean
nl            Dutch
no           Norwegian
pl            Polish
pt             Portuguese (Portugal)
pt_BR      Portuguese (Brazil)
ru             Russian
sv             Swedish
tr              Turkish
zh             Chinese (simplified)
zh_TW      Chinese (traditional) </lines><!--<ul id="ul_l4l_vq5_lvb"><li>cs - Czech </li><li>da - Danish </li><li>de - German </li><li>el - Greek</li><li>en - English</li><li>es - Spanish </li><li>fi - Finnish </li><li>fr - French</li><li>hu - Hungarian</li><li>it - Italian</li><li>ja - Japanese</li><li>ko - Korean</li><li>nl - Dutch</li><li>nb - Norwegian</li><li>pl - Polish</li><li>pt - Portuguese (Portugal) </li><li>pt_BR - Portuguese (Brazil)</li><li>ru - Russian</li><li>sv - Swedish</li><li>tr - Turkish</li><li>zh_CN - Chinese (simplified)</li><li>zh_TW - Chinese (traditional)</li></ul>--></p>
        </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STAUTHSERVERURL=</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">The URL of the authorization server for the SSO token log in. If you
         are not using an authorization server, leave this field blank.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STLOGINBYTOKEN=false</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Specify whether to use the Login By Token flag. The default value is
         false.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STUSEAUTHSERVER=false</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Specify whether to use the authorization server flag. The default is
         false.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STLOGINATSTARTUP=false</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Specify whether the client logins at startup. The default is
         false.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STUNINSTALL75=1</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Specify whether to uninstall an existing 7.5 client if present.<dl
          id="dl_dvb_klz_lvb">
          <dlentry>
           <dt>1</dt>
           <dd>Uninstall 7.5.x client if found</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>0</dt>
           <dd>Leave 7.5.x client installed</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl></entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">STUNINSTALLPRE75=1</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Specify whether to uninstall an existing pre-7.5 client if present.<dl
          id="dl_n45_rlz_lvb">
          <dlentry>
           <dt>1</dt>
           <dd>Uninstall pre-7.5 client if found. This is the default value.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>0</dt>
           <dd>Leave pre-7.5 client installed</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl></entry>
       </row>
      </tbody>
     </tgroup>
    </table></p>
   <p>After you have edited the files to tailor the installer for your specific requirements, you
    can distribute the files to your end users. If the users are to run the installer, instruct them
    users to copy both of the files to the same directory and then execute
     <filepath>setup.bat</filepath> to install Sametime Connect.</p>
  </context>
  <steps>
   <step>
    <cmd>Download the client installation package.</cmd>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Copy the <filepath>setup.bat</filepath> and the <filepath>silentinstall.ini</filepath>
     files from the root of the download, and then update the files to meet your requirements.</cmd>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Update the <filepath>setup.bat</filepath> file if necessary.</cmd>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Update the <filepath>silentinstall.ini</filepath> file to match the environment.</cmd>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Send or copy the updated files to the user's computer.</cmd>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>To start the install, run the following command:</cmd>
    <info>
     <codeblock id="codeblock_mgv_nr5_lvb">setup.bat -silentinstall.ini</codeblock>
    </info>
   </step>
  </steps>
 </taskbody>
</task>
