<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="instant_messaging" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Instant messaging policy IDs</title>
    <shortdesc>The instant messaging policy IDs map to Sametime® System Console policy administration pages.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>
    <p>Policies are grouped based on the following features: </p>
    <p><ul><li>Instant messaging (chat, image settings, file transfer, plugin management, and mobile features provided by the Sametime Community Server and Sametime Proxy Server).</li>
        <li>Meetings (conferencing features provided by Sametime v9 Meeting Server.</li>
        <li>Media services (audio and video features provided by Sametime v9 Media Manager).</li></ul></p>
    <p>When a user authenticates, Sametime applies a default policy if no other policy can be found for that user. You can also assign a custom policy. Custom policies can be designed for specific groups in the company. Sametime 9 Meetings policy changes take effect immediately, while Instant Messaging and Media Services policy changes take effect within an hour. If a user is assigned to more than one policy, then Sametime uses the policy weight to determine precedence. </p>
    <p>Policies are only applied from the primary Sametime community defined in the client. Additional server communities' policies are not pushed down to the users' desktops. A user's primary Sametime community is the first community listed in their Sametime client Server Communities Properties settings.</p>
    <p>There is also an anonymous policy that is assigned by default to users who have not authenticated, and unauthenticated users always receive this policy.</p></context>
</taskbody>
</task>
