<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="installing_sametime_connect_and_embedded_macos" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Installing Sametime Connect and Embedded clients on MacOS</title>
    <shortdesc>This topic covers basic installation for the Sametime standalone client on MacOS.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>
    <p>Before getting started, it review the client installation customization options. Customizing
                the client can ease your deployment.</p></context>
<steps>
    <step>
                <cmd>Decompress the client installation package into a temporary directory.</cmd>
            </step>
    <step>
                <cmd>In the temporary directory, locate and double-click
                        <filepath>SETUP.EXE</filepath>.</cmd>
                <info>The installation process begins. When prompted, select the lanaguage to be
                    displayed in the installation wizard windows.</info>
            </step>
    <step>
                <cmd>From the Welcome screen, click  <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
    <step>
                <cmd>Review the license information.</cmd>
                <info>To contine click <uicontrol>I accept the terms in the license
                        agreement</uicontrol> and then <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</info>
            </step>
    <step>
                <cmd>On the next screen, specify where to install the client and then click
                        <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <info>The defalt value for the <uicontrol>Install location</uicontrol> is
                        <filepath>C:\HCL\Sametime Connect</filepath>. You can select another
                    location, you must remember it for future tasks.</info>
            </step>
    <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Install</uicontrol> to start the install process.</cmd>
                <info>After the install is complete, click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</info>
            </step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
