<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ldap_performance" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Performance</title>
    <shortdesc>To avoid resource conflicts that may degrade performance and result in LDAP lookup failures, do not host the directory on the same computer as the Sametime Community Server.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
    <p>LDAP performance is critical to a successful deployment. Sametime is going to put a heavy load on LDAP. Consider the performance requirements of all Sametime LDAP traffic:</p>
    <p><ul><li>Client lookups</li>
        <li>Authentication</li>
        <li>Contact list management</li>
        <li>Invitations to meetings</li>
        <li>Business card features</li>
        <li>Mobile clients</li></ul></p>
    <p>Part of your deployment plan may include adding more cluster members to the LDAP cluster.</p>
    <p>To minimize the burden on LDAP, use minimal search filters wherever possible. Login choices such as name, email address, employee ID, and so on, create longer search filters and greater performance loads on LDAP.</p>
    <p>When planning for LDAP, don't forget Single Sign-On (SSO). Talk to your company's application teams about SSO. Propose a standard way that you allow people to log in to keep logins simple and minimal. All applications should utilize LDAP in the same way. If applications have different search filters, then this creates search problems and authentication problems.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
