<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="meetings_configuring_max" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Configuring the maximum number of meeting participants</title>
    <shortdesc>Sametime currently supports a maximum of 100 users in a meeting regardless of the
        selected meeting mode. To reach a wider audience, you can start a live stream and share the
        link to all intended
        participants.<!-- For more information, refer to <xref href="../11.5_New_webmeeting_documentation/youtube_start_livestream.dita"/>.--></shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context id="context_jk4_wnt_pnb">By default, you can host a meeting with up to 100
            participants. You can lower the maximum capacity to any value below 100 as needed. Users
            who attempt to join a meeting that has reached maximum capacity encounter a message
            indicating that the meeting room is full.<note>The greater the number of concurrent
                users accessing the server, the greater the resources consumed, particularly CPU
                resources. Other factors, such as meeting recordings, can influence the total
                capacity. Refrain from changing this setting without proper sizing information from
                HCL. For sizing-related questions, <xref
                    href="https://voltsandbox.hcltechsw.com/volt-apps/anon/org/app/7fc42e3c-19f4-48df-87fc-09d0ac7c3296/launch/index.html?form=F_Form1"
                    format="html" scope="external">contact HCL</xref>.</note><p><b>Procedure for
                    Kubernetes </b>
                <ol id="ol_az4_t4t_pnb">
                    <li>Place the helm/values.yaml in edit mode.
                        <codeblock>vi helm/values.yaml </codeblock></li>
                    <li>Edit the following line:
                        <codeblock>MaxOccupants= &lt;new value representing the number of total users in a meeting> </codeblock></li>
                    <li>Save the file.</li>
                    <li>Restart the Sametime Meeting Server using the instructions in the topic
                            <xref href="starting_and_stopping_meeting_servers.dita"/>.</li>
                </ol></p><p><b>Procedure for Docker: </b></p><ol id="ol_mlf_fpt_pnb">
                <li>Place the docker-compose.yml file in edit mode. </li>
                <li>Under the prosody section, modify the value of MAX_OCCUPANTS:
                    <codeblock>MAX_OCCUPANTS=&lt;new value> </codeblock></li>
                <li>Save the docker-compose.xml file. </li>
                <li>Restart the Sametime Meeting Server using the instructions in the topic <xref
                        href="starting_and_stopping_meeting_servers.dita"/>.</li>
            </ol></context>
    </taskbody>
   
</task>
