<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="mongodb" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>MongoDB</title>
    <shortdesc>MongoDB is used to store data for persistent chat, mobile push notifications,
        meetings and contact lists.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
        <p>If you have an existing MongoDB deployment, you can use it. However, if you do not have a
            MongoDB already installed you must install one. MongoDB can be installed on a separate
            server or in the same Kubernetes cluster as Sametime. As with the storage size needed,
            the use of a dedicated server depends on your organization. After MongoDB is installed,
            it must be configured to communicate with the Sametime server. See <xref
                href="installation_mongodb.dita" format="dita" scope="local"/> for additional
            information.</p>
    <p>Data related to chats and meetings is stored in MongoDB. This includes screenshots, emojis,
            chat logs, meeting reservation information, and contact lists. By default, data is saved
            for 90 days. You can change the default on the time to live (TTL) setting. For more
            information, see <xref href="update_ttl_index.dita"/>.</p>
        <p>Data is stored in <filepath>data/db</filepath> path which is specified in the
                <filepath>mongod.conf</filepath> configuration file. When determining the size for
            your MongoDB, consider the activity used by users in your organization. Refer to the
            MongoDB documentation for information on setting the size for the database.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
