<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="network_planning" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Network planning for meetings</title>
<shortdesc/>
<conbody>
<p>Sametime meetings generate two types of traffic: web traffic and RTP media streams. Web traffic
is standard HTTPS. And, media streams by default use UDP for optimal performance. If the UDP service
is unavailable, enabling TCP for RTP media streams is supported.</p>
<p>To support the Sametime default configuration, use  the following ports for client access: <ul>
<li>For Kubernetes deployments: TCP port 443 and UDP port 30000</li>
<li>For Docker deployments: TCP port 443 and UDP port 10000</li>
</ul></p>
<p>If you enable TCP for media streams, you can configure it to use TCP port 443. However, it does
not send media streams as HTTPS data. Confirm with your security and firewall teams that this
non-standard use of HTTPS port 443 will be permitted.</p>
<p>The amount of bandwidth consumed by Sametime Meetings depends on several factors, such as the
            quality of video being shared, the number of video and audio streams being shared, and
            more. The default limit for simultaneous video streams is <i>8</i>. Increasing this
            value affects bandwidth consumption. For more information, refer to <xref
                href="increase_activecameras.dita"/>.</p>
<p>You must discuss the design of your Sametime deployment with your network and security teams
before implementation. Many common network layer devices and technologies introduce latency, which
can degrade the user experience. Identify all potential bottlenecks, for example, firewall, proxy,
VPN, packet shapers, and intrusion prevention devices before deploying servers.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
