<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="planning_meetingserver" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Meeting server FAQ</title>
    <shortdesc>The Meeting server routes media traffic.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_gmc_qlc_w5b">
            <title>Network related</title>
            <dl id="dl_isy_tlc_w5b">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>How are media streams transferred? Is there any instance where this would
                        occur peer to peer?</dt>
                    <dd>All media traffic is routed through the Sametime server.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>If I need external access to meetings, in which firewall zone do I place the
                        Sametime Meeting server?</dt>
                    <dd>The Sametime server can be placed in the DMZ or your internal firewall
                        zone.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Are there any considerations for the network if I have a firewall?</dt>
                    <dd>Yes, see <xref href="session_traversal_utilities.dita" format="dita"
                            scope="local">Sametime Meetings on Kubernetes Statistics and Monitoring
                            case study</xref>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="section_nmw_qmc_w5b">
            <title>Chats within a meeting</title>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>How long does chats in the meeting remain?</dt>
                    <dd>There are two places that chats are displayed. For authenticated users who
                        are logged into the server, they see the chats in the Sametime clients as a
                        group chat that includes the meeting participants. The chat persists if the
                        user does not close the chat. </dd>
                    <dd>For meetings where users are guests, or authenticated users are not logged
                        into a Sametime client, the meeting chat is only inside the meeting room.
                        When the meeting concludes, the meeting room chats are deleted from the
                        meeting room.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Can I make the chats persist from one meeting to the next?</dt>
                    <dd> When the meeting concludes, the meeting room chats are deleted from the
                        meeting room. Meeting chats do not persist to the next time the same meeting
                        URL is used.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Can I enable logging of the chats inside the meeting?</dt>
                    <dd>The user can log the chats only if they log into the server using a Sametime
                        client. There are three ways the user can log these chats: <ul
                            id="ul_z1s_rll_x5b">
                            <li>The Sametime Connect client or embedded client have a client-side
                                chat logging feature enabled to save a local transcript.</li>
                            <li>The user enables persistent chats on the server and clients
                                supporting persistent chats are in use, these chats are stored on
                                the server in MongoDB. They are subject to the persistent chat
                                configuration.</li>
                            <li>The server-side chat logging is enabled and chats are stored in the
                                configured method. </li>
                        </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="section_jps_knc_w5b">
            <title>Authentication</title>
            <dl id="dl_l3m_mnc_w5b">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Which authentication methods are supported?</dt>
                    <dd>The Sametime server handles all authentication requests. Any supported
                        authentication model you configure on the Sametime server is supported for
                        Meetings.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>How can I disable guest (anonymous) access to meetings?</dt>
                    <dd>See <xref href="disable_guest_access.dita" format="dita" scope="local"
                        />.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Which types of SSO are supported with meetings?</dt>
                    <dd>LTPA and SAML with LTPA are supported. See <xref href="enabling_sso.dita"
                            format="dita" scope="local"/>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="section_jxc_d4c_w5b">
            <title>Recordings</title>
            <dl id="dl_d51_34c_w5b">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Where are recordings stored?</dt>
                    <dd>See <xref href="recording.dita" format="dita" scope="local"/>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>How can you disable meeting recordings?</dt>
                    <dd>See <xref href="recording.dita" format="dita" scope="local"/>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>What type recorded media is available for meetings, is this
                        configurable?</dt>
                    <dd> The user can save all recordings as MP4 files. It is not configurable.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Which part of a meeting is recorded?</dt>
                    <dd>You can record everything that displays on the screen. This does not include
                        the meeting chat.</dd>
                    <dd>Meeting attendees who also log into the server with a Sametime client have a
                        group chat for the meeting. The link for the recording is contained in the
                        chat, and the chat persists if the clients use the supporting persistent
                        chat and keep the chat open.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>How long does recorded media remain on servers? Is this configurable? </dt>
                    <dd>The default is three days, which is configurable. See <xref
                            href="recording.dita" format="dita" scope="local"/>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="section_nsz_npc_w5b">
            <title>Configuration settings</title>
            <dl id="dl_xr3_qpc_w5b">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Which settings are configurable server-wide?</dt>
                    <dd>Meeting server configuration is all handled on the meeting server; each
                        change is global.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Can the administrator restrict number of participants in a meeting? </dt>
                    <dd>Yes, and the default number of participants in a meeting is 100. See <xref
                            href="meetings_configuring_max.dita" format="dita" scope="local"/>  for
                        details.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Which settings are configurable though a policy?</dt>
                    <dd>The community policy only allows or disallows meetings. There are no other
                        policy-based settings. </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Can I disable the audio and video options?</dt>
                    <dd>No.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Can I integrate my telephony system with the Sametime meeting server?</dt>
                    <dd>Yes, see <xref href="enable_dial_out.dita" format="dita" scope="local"
                        />.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="section_zpg_dqc_w5b">
            <title>Personal or reserved meetings</title>
            <dl id="dl_kgq_2qc_w5b">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Can a user own or reserve the name of a meeting, that is the meeting URL so
                        that no one can use it?</dt>
                    <dd>Yes, the first user who requests the meeting name owns the reserved
                        name.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Can I have a persistent meeting? </dt>
                    <dd>You can have a reserved meeting name. There is no data preserved or
                        persisting between members entering or leaving.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Is a moderated meeting room not available until its owner enters the
                        room?</dt>
                    <dd>Yes, the moderated meeting room is not available until the owner enters the
                        room.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ttf_lqc_w5b">
            <title>Migration and existing Sametime environments</title>
            <dl id="dl_pd1_nqc_w5b">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Can I upgrade from an earlier version of Sametime Meetings?</dt>
                    <dd>Yes, see <xref href="upgrading_meetings.dita" format="dita" scope="local"
                        />.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Can I migrate my Sametime 9.0.1 meeting data to the Sametime meeting server? </dt>
                    <dd>No. There is no slide share or file share tool in the new meeting server.
                        There is no data that needs to be migrated. </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Will my old Sametime meeting URLs work on the new server? </dt>
                    <dd>Users can expect the legacy meeting URLs to work. The DNS change from the
                        old host name to the new host name handles the migration to the new server.
                        After the DNS change, users can continue to use the original meeting URLs in
                        calendar entries to join meetings. The new server does not support the
                        legacy meeting client plug-in in the Sametime client, so users must join by
                        URL. </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Can I use the Sametime 9 meeting plug-in embedded in HCL Notes to connect to
                        a Sametime Meetings server?</dt>
                    <dd>The introduction of the External Meeting Provider feature in the Sametime
                        embedded and stand-alone clients deprecate the meeting plug-in in the Notes
                        version 11.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="section_xv4_2rc_w5b">
            <title>Statics, reporting and auditing</title>
            <dl id="dl_vt4_grc_w5b">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Are there meeting statistics or reports for Sametime ?</dt>
                    <dd>Sametime 12 introduces a new feature to allow users to download meeting
                        reports. The meeting report includes a list of attendees, meeting start and
                        end times, duration, meeting types such as moderated, guests allowed, the
                        time participants were joined and left the meeting, a list of presenters, a
                        link to meeting recording, and the chat transcript. </dd>
                    <dd>There is no default feature to collect statistics. It might be possible to
                        configure third party monitoring tools, for example: Grafana and Kubernetes
                        stat page. For more information, see the <xref
                            href="https://support.hcltechsw.com/csm?id=kb_article&amp;sysparm_article=KB0088100"
                            format="html" scope="external">HCL Sametime Meetings on Kubernetes:
                            Monitoring and Statistics Case Study</xref> white paper.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
