<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="plan_cluster_chat" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Configure high capacity for chat</title>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Sametime supports up to 10,000 simultaneous log-ins with a standard single community
                pod, mux pod and proxy pod in a Kubernetes deployment. Docker deployments of
                Sametime support 10000 simultaneous log-ins.</p>
            <p>The Sametime mux is used to front-end client connections between the Sametime Connect
                client and the Sametime Embedded client inside of HCL Notes. If you need to
                additional capacity for these clients, you can deploy multiple community pods inside
                your Kubernetes cluster. The number of community pods is defined in the
                    <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> file and each additional pod supports up to
                10,000 additional clients. The community pod does not axiomatically scale, it is
                important to estimate the number of pods needed and define the setting in the
                    <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> file.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the <filepath>values.yaml file</filepath> ensure that this setting is set to
                    true, which is the default setting: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock id="codeblock_t3f_gth_1vb">enableMuxDeployment: true</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Change the below setting to the desired number of community pods:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_cjw_rwh_1vb">numberOfCommunityServers: 1 </codeblock>
                    </p>
                    <p>To find the Kubernetes service that front-ends the mux issue the
                        command:<codeblock id="codeblock_yvn_twh_1vb"> kubectl get svc | grep mux </codeblock></p>
                </info>
                <info>
                    <p>The ingress controller in a Kubernetes cluster front-ends the connection to
                        the web and mobile clients and the proxy pod services those connections.
                        Additionally, the community pod validates log ins and service the users as
                        well. Sametime supports up to 10,000 simultaneous connections in a
                        Kubernetes environment, and if more are needed, it is recommended to deploy
                        an additional 1 ingress controller pod, 1 proxy pod and 1 community pod per
                        10,000 web and mobile clients.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
