<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="sametime_client_configuration" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Sametime client configuration options </title>
  <shortdesc>There are several methods to customize the user experience for Sametime clients. This section covers Expeditor based clients that are capable of leveraging the Expeditor Managed Settings framework. These clients include the Sametime client for Windows or Mac, and the HCL Notes embedded Sametime client for Windows or Mac. This does not apply to the PWA, web or mobile clients.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>Use managed-settings.xml and managed-community-configs.xml for clients which are already
      installed.</p>
    <p>If your clients not not yet installed, the the plugin_customization.ini file can be
      configured and included with the client installation package.</p>
    <table id="table_sp2_yz1_x4b">
      <title>Client configuration file names, locations, and purposes</title>
      <tgroup cols="3">
        <colspec colname="col1"/>
        <colspec colname="col2"/>
        <colspec colname="col3"/>
        <thead>
          <row valign="bottom">
            <entry colname="col1">File</entry>
            <entry colname="col2">Location</entry>
            <entry colname="col3">Purpose</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry char="." colname="col1"
              ><filepath>managed-community-configs.xml</filepath></entry>
            <entry colname="col2">Web server</entry>
            <entry colname="col3">This file is used to update connectivity preferences in the
              client. Update, add and delete servers, and manage connection settings (such as host
              name, port, connection method, authentication method, etc). The file is pushed using a
              policy, so you can define different settings for different users. This method applies
              to both the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> rich client and to the
                <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> client embedded in <tm
                tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm>. This file is retrieved upon login and
              will take effect the next time the user restarts the client.</entry>
            <?Pub Caret -1?>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"><filepath>managed-settings.xml</filepath></entry>
            <entry colname="col2">Web server</entry>
            <entry colname="col3">This file can be used to push <xref
                href="config_client_pref_tables.dita">client preferences</xref> to the users. The
              file is hosted on a web server and retrieved upon login from the Sametime policy. This
              method applies to the Sametime rich client and Sametime embedded client in Notes.
                <note>Do not add community config settings (connectivity settings) to this file.
                Community config settings must be added to the managed-community-configs.xml file.
                See the topic <xref href="admin_st_mng_remotecomm.dita">Updating Communities with
                  the Managed-community-configs xml</xref>.</note></entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1"><filepath>plugin_customization.ini</filepath></entry>
            <entry colname="col2">Client computer</entry>
            <entry colname="col3">Set initial eclipse preferences when client install kits are
              deployed to desktops or when a new user launches the product for the first time. These
              preferences can be overridden at runtime for the logged in user base using the
                <filepath>managed-settings.xml</filepath> file. This method only applies to
              installed <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> Connect
                clients.<p>Community settings (such as loginAtStartup and host) can be entered here
                to prepopulate community settings for a first time user. After the user logs in,
                only the <filepath>managed-community-configs.xml</filepath> file can be used to
                change community settings.</p></entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
</conbody>
</concept>
