<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="secret_modiify">
    <title>Modifying secrets</title>
    <shortdesc>Some of the content within a secret can be changed using the <cmdname>edit
            secret</cmdname> command.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context id="context_hsl_swc_ytb">
            <p>When the secret is in edit mode, you can modify the content by placing data in
                secrets. Most of the secret fields, such as user names, passwords, and URLs, are
                base64 encoded. To view a base64 encoded value, you can copy the value and decode
                using the following command:
                <codeblock>echo -n <varname>secret_value</varname> | base64 -d</codeblock>To change
                the value to a new encoded value, you can base64 encode the new value using the
                following command:
                <codeblock>echo -n "<varname>new_secret_value</varname>" | base64</codeblock>For
                example to set a new LdapBindEntryDn in the sametime-global-secrets, enter the
                command: <codeblock>echo -n “CN=LDAPBind,O=Example” | base64</codeblock>The
                resulting value should be used in the configuration.</p>
            <p>The following are considerations when making configuration modifications:<ul
                    id="ul_inq_xzp_35b">
                    <li>If you make a permanent change to the configuration and the secret has a
                        template, the template must also be changed. See <xref
                            href="managing_secrets_kubernetes.dita" scope="local" format="dita"/>
                        for list of secrets with templates.</li>
                    <li> If changes to the configuration helm charts are not committed, the next
                        time you run a helm upgrade, the secret is overwritten with the values that
                        are defined in the templates.</li>
                </ul></p>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_awr_yfw_d5b">
            <step>
                <cmd>Issue the following command specifying the name of the secret. </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock id="codeblock_gzh_cgw_d5b">kubectl edit secret <varname>secret_name</varname></codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Type the letter <codeph>i</codeph> to get into insert mode and make
                    modifications.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>To save the changes, type the characters:<codeph>Esc+ :wq!</codeph>. </cmd>
                <info>To close the file without saving changes, type in the characters <codeph>Esc+
                        :q!</codeph>. </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
