<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="securing_connections" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Securing connections</title>
    <shortdesc>The various connections to Sametime can be secured using TLS. </shortdesc>
<conbody>

            <dl id="dl_kvx_3k4_4tb">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Desktop client to Sametime server </dt>
                    <dd>These are connections from the Sametime Connect client or Sametime embedded
                    client inside HCL Notes that connect on port 1533 to the Sametime Multiplexer
                    (Mux) by default. Sametime has legacy encryption enabled by default. These
                    connections can be secured over TLS 1.2.  For additional information, see <xref
                        href="securing_connections_between_community_clients.dita" scope="local"
                        format="dita"/>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Sametime web and mobile clients </dt>
                <dd>Sametime meetings and web chat come with a self-signed certificate. You can
                    replace the self-signed certificate with a third party certificate.  For more
                    details on this configuration, see <xref href="updating_meeting_servers.dita"
                        scope="local" format="dita"/>.</dd>
            </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Sametime server to LDAP server</dt>
                    <dd>By default the LDAP operations are not encrypted. It is recommended to
                    enable encryption using TLS to encrypt sensitive user data, such as names and
                    passwords. The secure port for LDAPS is typically 636 but may be different in
                    your environment. For more details on this configuration, see <xref
                        href="securing_connections_sametime_community_and_ldap.dita" scope="local"
                        format="dita"/>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Decrypting SAML assertions</dt>
                    <dd>When Sametime server is configured for SAML, the Sametime server can
                    validate the encrypted assertions are from the Identity Provider (IdP). These
                    settings is used for the decryption.  For more information, see <xref
                        href="enabling_sso_saml.dita" scope="local" format="dita"/>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>MongoDB</dt>
                <dd>The connection Sametime uses to access MongoDB can be secured with TLS.  For
                    more details, see <xref
                        href="securing_connections_sametime_community_and_ldap.dita" scope="local"
                        format="dita"/>.</dd>
            </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Configuration scope</dt>
                    <dd>Beginning with Sametime 12, Kubernetes environments have a separate TLS
                    scope for each type of connection as described above. Docker environments can be
                    configured to use key and trust stores at the global level, where all
                    certificates are shared among the different community services. For more details
                    on this configuration, see <xref href="implement_tls_configuration.dita"
                        scope="local" format="dita"/>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
</conbody>
</concept>
