<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="securing_connections_between_community_clients" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Securing connections between the Sametime mux and clients</title>
    <shortdesc>There are several connection methods to connect to the Sametime server. This topic
        includes the steps to encrypt connections between the clients and the Sametime mux using
        TLS. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_zjp_btk_y5b">
            <p>You must configure the <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> settings, either at the
                global or individual TLS scope.</p>
        </prereq><context>
        
            <p>To implement the use of TLS, the clients must have the <uicontrol>Direct connection
                    using TLS</uicontrol> connection option enabled. This setting is under
                    <uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Server Communities</uicontrol> >
                    <uicontrol>Global Connection Settings</uicontrol>. There are three methods to
                set the client connection preferences. <ul id="ul_lpy_cnr_mvb">
                    <li>Push the setting to users in the
                            <filepath>managed-community-configs.xml</filepath> file, which is a good
                        option for clients that are already deployed and in use.</li>
                    <li>Use the <filepath>plugin_customization.ini</filepath> file which can be
                        configured and included with the installation package.</li>
                    <li>Manually configure the settings.</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>For additional information, see <xref href="admin_st_mng_remotecomm.dita"
                    format="dita" scope="local"/>.</p>
            <p>When you enable TLS for the Sametime server connections, TLS version 1.2 is used by
                default. SSLv3 and TLSv1 have security vulnerabilities and should not be used.</p>
            <p>To configure the connection between the Sametime server and clients, there are two
                tasks that must be completed:<ul id="ul_j4j_43k_y5b">
                    <li>Configure the encryption settings.</li>
                    <li>Configure the client settings to support a direct connection with TLS.</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>Sametime can be configured to allow legacy encryption along with TLS encryption (both
                enabled), or strict TLS where only TLS encrypted connections are allowed. The
                Sametime Mux can listen for both TLS and legacy encrypted connections on the same
                port number, so there is no need to have a unique port for the TLS encrypted
                connections, they can also use port 1533. The port number can be changed if
                desired.</p>
            <p>For details on configuring the encryption settings, follow the instructions in one of
                the following topics.<ul id="ul_pwf_r3k_y5b">
                    <li><xref href="securing_connections_between_community_clients_docker.dita"
                            scope="local" format="dita"/></li>
                    <li><xref href="securing_connections_between_community_clients_kubernetes.dita"
                            scope="local" format="dita"/></li>
                </ul></p>
        
    </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>From the Sametime Connect Client, click <menucascade>
                        <uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
                        <uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol>
                    </menucascade>.<draft-comment author="debra.taylor">Is it only Connect
                        client?</draft-comment></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd/>
                <choices>
                    <choice>To select this connection method for all server communities, click
                            <uicontrol>Server Communities</uicontrol>. In the <uicontrol>Global
                            connection settings</uicontrol> section, click <menucascade>
                            <uicontrol>Direct connection using TLS</uicontrol>
                            <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>
                        </menucascade>.</choice>
                    <choice>To select this connection method for only one server community, click
                            <uicontrol>Server Communities</uicontrol>, select the server community
                        name, and open the <uicontrol>Connection</uicontrol> tab. Uncheck
                            <uicontrol>Use global connection </uicontrol>settings, then click
                            <uicontrol>Direct connection using TLS</uicontrol>. Click
                            <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to close the <wintitle>Preferences</wintitle>
                        window.</choice>
                </choices>
            </step>
        </steps></taskbody>
</task>
