<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="st_adm_comm_singlelogintype_t" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the single login type</title>
<shortdesc>The single login type mode means that only one login per user is allowed. When a client
    attempts to log in to the Sametime server, the server checks if there are any existing logins of
    the same user and disconnects them. Any client on the exclusion list is not disconnected, which
    is useful for users who want to run multiple clients simultaneously. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>To configure the single login function and exclude certain
client types from qualifying as logins, edit the <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> file.</p></context>
<steps>
<step>
        <cmd>Open a text editor on the Sametime server.</cmd>
      </step>
<step>
        <cmd>Open the <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> file located in the Sametime server
          installation directory. For example, the default directory in Windows is
            <filepath>C:\program files\HCL\domino</filepath>.</cmd>
      </step>
<step>
        <cmd>In the Config section, set the following flag to activate single client login
          mode:</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><userinput>VP_ONLY_SINGLE_LOGIN_ALLOWED=1</userinput></p>
          <p>If the flag is set to <varname>1</varname> the server works in the single login allowed
            mode. When a new client login request is received, all the previous logins are
            disconnected. Only one client type connection per computer is allowed at one time
            (related to client types, not users).</p>
        </info>
      </step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">Specify which client types are not
considered logins when the server checks whether to accept or disconnect
clients. Separate the client types with commas.</cmd><info><p><userinput>VPS_EXCLUDED_LOGIN_TYPES=<varname>clienttype1,
            clienttype2</varname></userinput></p><p>In the following configuration, even though
            single client login mode is activated, logins originating from C++ clients and Unified
            instant messaging clients are not disconnected if they have logged in from the Sametime
            client too. </p><userinput>VPS_EXCLUDED_LOGIN_TYPES=<varname>1002, 1304
            </varname></userinput>
        </info></step>
<step>
        <cmd>To access Sametime from the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="HCL">HCL</tm>
          <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm> Basic client, update or add these settings
          as indicated.</cmd>
        <info>
          <ul>
            <li>Reset <codeph>VP_SECURITY_LEVEL=7000 to VP_SECURITY_LEVEL=6510</codeph></li>
            <li>Add this setting to the [Config] section:
                <codeph>ST_MINIMAL_CLIENT_VERSION=6510</codeph></li>
          </ul>
        </info>
      </step>
<step><cmd>Save the <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> file. </cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>

</task>

