<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="st_adm_security_setaclauth_t" xml:lang="en-us">
<title class="- topic/title ">Setting up anonymous access in a database
Access Control List (ACL)</title>
<shortdesc>To allow anonymous access to a database, you can add the
Anonymous entry to the ACL and assign an access level to the Anonymous
entry. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context> Alternatively, you can remove the Anonymous entry from the
ACL and assign an access level to the Default entry in the ACL. When
the Anonymous entry is removed from the ACL, anonymous users receive
the access level and privileges assigned to the Default entry in the
database ACL. <p class="- topic/p ">Use the following procedure to
allow anonymous users to access a database:</p> </context>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd><xref href="st_adm_webad_startadmtool_t.dita"> Open the Sametime Administration Tool.
     </xref></cmd>
   </step><?Pub Caret 13?>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>LDAP Directory</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Access Control</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select a database from the list.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Advanced</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
        <cmd>Set the <uicontrol>Maximum Internet name &amp; password</uicontrol> access to Manager,
          which is the maximum access level.</cmd>
        <info>
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <uicontrol>Note</uicontrol> The <uicontrol>Maximum Internet name &amp;
              password</uicontrol> setting on the advanced panel of each <xref class="- topic/xref "
              href="st_adm_security_aclsetting_c.dita">database Access Control List (ACL)</xref>
            specifies the maximum database access level granted to web browser clients. This setting
            overrides higher individual access levels set in the ACL. For example, if you set the
              <uicontrol>Maximum Internet name &amp; password</uicontrol> to Author, and assign
            Editor access to the Anonymous entry in the database ACL, anonymous users will only have
            Author access to the database. Alternatively, if you set the <uicontrol>Maximum Internet
              name &amp; password</uicontrol> to Manager, and assign Reader access to the Anonymous
            entry in the database ACL, anonymous users will only have Reader access to the database.
          </p>
        </info>
      </step>
<step><cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Access</uicontrol> button.</cmd><info> <p
class="- topic/p ">If the Anonymous entry exists in the ACL, select
the Anonymous entry and assign an access level (for example, Author).
Edit the default privileges if necessary.</p><p class="- topic/p ">If
the Anonymous entry does not exist in the ACL, users who access the
database anonymously receive the access level and privileges assigned
to the Default entry in the ACL.</p> <note class="- topic/p ">If the
Anonymous entry does not exist in the ACL, the administrator also
has the option to create an Anonymous entry and assign an access level
and privileges. In this case, users receive the access level associated
with the Anonymous entry instead of the Default entry.</note> </info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Submit</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1261240978 12?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003777?>
