<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="st_adm_security_userrequire_c" xml:lang="en-us">
<title class="- topic/title ">User requirements for basic password
authentication</title>
<shortdesc>To access the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">HCL</tm>
  <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Community Server by using a web browser, users must enter a user
  name and internet password to access any protected database on the server. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p class="- topic/p ">A protected database is a database that has
its Access Control List (ACL) set to require <xref class="- topic/xref "
href="st_adm_security_basicpwdauth_c.dita">basic password authentication</xref>.
If the ACL settings of a database allow <xref class="- topic/xref "
href="st_adm_security_anonacl_c.dita">anonymous access</xref>, the
user is not authenticated (prompted for a user name and internet password)
when accessing the database.</p>
<p class="- topic/note ">It is important for a user to enter a name when accessing a <tm
    tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> database so that the user's name can be displayed in any presence
   list within the database. If the ACL settings of a database allow anonymous access, a user is not
   prompted for a name unless the setting <uicontrol>Users of Sametime applications can specify a
    display name so that they do not appear online as anonymous</uicontrol> is selected in the <menucascade>
    <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol>
    <uicontrol>Community Services</uicontrol>
    <uicontrol>Anonymous Access</uicontrol>
   </menucascade> settings of the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> System Console. When this option is
   selected, it forces a name entry prompt to appear when an anonymous user attends a scheduled
   meeting. From this name entry prompt, the user can enter a name for display purposes in a
   presence list. The server accepts any name entered by the user at the name entry prompt; the user
   is not authenticated.</p>
<p class="- topic/p ">A <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Connect Client user must also be
   authenticated each time the user starts the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Connect Client and
   connects to the Community Services on the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> server. <tm tmtype="reg"
    >Sametime</tm> Connect users must enter the user name and internet password that is stored the
   Person document in the <tm tmtype="reg">Domino</tm> Directory when logging on to <tm tmtype="reg"
    >Sametime</tm> Connect. </p>
<section
id="QUIREMENTS_FOR_AUTHENTICATION_9252_MIDTOPIC_28692934429341162"> <title class="- topic/title "> Person document, User names, and internet passwords in the <tm
     tmtype="reg">Domino</tm> Directory</title><p class="- topic/p ">Each member of the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> community must have a Person
    document in the <tm tmtype="reg">Domino</tm> Directory to authenticate with the <tm tmtype="reg"
     >Sametime</tm> server. The names and password that a user can enter when accessing a <tm
     tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> server are maintained in the Basics tab of a Person document in the
     <tm tmtype="reg">Domino</tm> Directory.</p><p class="- topic/p ">To access a Person document, <xref href="st_adm_webad_startadmtool_t.dita"
                    >open the Sametime Administration Tool</xref> and select <menucascade>
                    <uicontrol>Domino Directory</uicontrol>
                    <uicontrol>Domino</uicontrol>
                    <uicontrol>Manage People</uicontrol>
                </menucascade>. Double-click a person's name to open that user's Person
                document.</p><p class="- topic/p ">The table shows a sample entry in the Basics section of a user's Person
    document. The text that follows the table explains how these entries are used in the web browser
    and <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Connect Client password authentication processes.</p> </section>
<section
id="UIREMENTS_FOR_AUTHENTICATION_9252_MIDTOPIC_398555260829353678"> <title
class="- topic/title "> Sample settings in the Basics section of a
Person document</title><table><title>Sample settings in the Basics
section of a Person document</title><desc>Example text for how the
Basics section of a Person document might be populated</desc>
<tgroup cols="3"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/>
<colspec colname="col3"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Field</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Sample Entry</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Comment</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">First name</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Gary</entry>
<entry colname="col3">This field is optional.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Middle initial</entry>
<entry colname="col2"></entry>
<entry colname="col3">This field is optional.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Last name</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Ollerman</entry>
<entry colname="col3">This field is required.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">User name</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Gary Ollerman/Community;GOllerman<p>or</p><p>Gary
Ollerman/Community</p><p>GOllerman</p><note>The Community (or domain)
name is appended to the first entry in the user name field by default.</note></entry>
<entry colname="col3">This field is required.<p> If you include more
than one name, separate the names with a semicolon (;), or listing
each name on a new line.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Alternate name</entry>
<entry colname="col2"></entry>
<entry colname="col3">This field is optional.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Short name/UserID</entry>
<entry colname="col2"></entry>
<entry colname="col3">This field is optional.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Generational qualifier</entry>
<entry colname="col2"></entry>
<entry colname="col3">This field is optional.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Internet password</entry>
<entry colname="col2">(FCF5F3960B0A289D3)</entry>
<entry colname="col3">This field is required.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table><p class="- topic/p ">The following fields on the Person document
are used by the authentication process: </p><ul class="- topic/ul ">
<li class="- topic/li ">
     <uicontrol>First name</uicontrol> - This field is used only when a user logs in from a web
      browser.<p class="- topic/p "> Web browser - If an entry exists in the <uicontrol>Given
       name</uicontrol> field in the Basics tab of the Person document, the user can enter this name
      at the <uicontrol>User Name</uicontrol> prompt that appears when accessing a protected
      database on the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> server with a web browser. (A protected
      database is a database that has its ACL set to require <xref class="- topic/xref "
       href="st_adm_security_basicpwdauth_c.dita">basic password authentication</xref>.) </p><p
      class="- topic/p "><tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Connect - The first name (given name) is not
      a valid entry at the <uicontrol>User Name</uicontrol> prompt that appears when logging on to
      the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Connect Client.</p>
    </li>
<li class="- topic/li ">
     <uicontrol>Surname</uicontrol> - An entry must exist in the <uicontrol>Surname</uicontrol>
     field of the Basics tab of a Person document.<p class="- topic/p ">The surname can be entered
      in the <uicontrol>User Name</uicontrol> prompt that appears when accessing a protected
      database on the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> server with a web browser. The surname can also
      be used when logging on from the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Connect Client. </p><note
      class="- topic/note " type="note">If both the <uicontrol>Given name</uicontrol> and
       <uicontrol>Surname</uicontrol> fields contain entries, the user can enter the first and last
      names at the <uicontrol>User Name</uicontrol> prompt that appears when accessing the <tm
       tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> server.</note>
    </li>
<li class="- topic/li ">
     <uicontrol>User name</uicontrol> - An entry must exist in the <uicontrol>User name</uicontrol>
     field in the Basics tab of a Person document.<p class="- topic/p ">Generally, it is good
      practice to use a user's first and last name in the <uicontrol>User name</uicontrol> field.
      The <uicontrol>User name</uicontrol> field can contain multiple entries. In our example, the
       <uicontrol>User name</uicontrol> field contains both <userinput>Gary
       Ollerman/Community</userinput> and <userinput>GOllerman</userinput>. (Each entry must be
      separated by a semicolon (;) or be listed on a separate line in the <uicontrol>User
       name</uicontrol> field of the Person document.) </p><p class="- topic/p ">A user can enter
      any name that appears in the <uicontrol>User name</uicontrol> field of the Person document
      when logging on to the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> server from the <tm tmtype="reg"
       >Sametime</tm> Connect Client or a web browser. For example, the user could enter
       <userinput>Gary Ollerman/Community</userinput> or <userinput>GOllerman</userinput> at a <tm
       tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Connect or web browser <uicontrol>User Name</uicontrol> prompt.
      The name entered by the user is resolved to the topmost name (Gary Ollerman/Community in the
      example) in the <uicontrol>User name</uicontrol> field. The topmost name in the
       <uicontrol>User name</uicontrol> field is the name that is displayed in the presence lists of
      all <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> clients.</p><note class="- topic/note " type="note">If you
      want a user's email address to display in presence lists, enter the user's email address as
      the topmost name in the <uicontrol>User name</uicontrol> field of the Person document. If the
      email address is included in the <uicontrol>User name</uicontrol> field, the user can also
      enter the email address at the <uicontrol>User name</uicontrol> prompt when logging in from a
       <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Connect Client or web browser.</note><p class="- topic/p "><tm
       tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> uses the topmost name in the <uicontrol>User name</uicontrol>
      field to validate a user in a database ACL. If you require <xref class="- topic/xref "
       href="st_adm_security_basicpwdauth_c.dita">basic password authentication</xref> for a
      database and you enter the names of individual users in the ACL of a database, enter the
      topmost name that appears in the <uicontrol>User name</uicontrol> field of the Person document
      in the database ACL. Although the user can enter <userinput>GOllerman</userinput> when logging
      on, <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> uses "Gary Ollerman/Community" to validate the user in the
      database ACL. Therefore, "Gary Ollerman/Community" must be the name that appears for this user
      in database ACLs. </p>
    </li>
<li class="- topic/li ">
     <uicontrol>Internet password</uicontrol> - Users must enter the internet password to
     authenticate with the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> server using a web browser or the <tm
      tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Connect Client. In the example, the internet password is
      <userinput>sametime</userinput>. The password displays as a series of random characters
     because internet passwords are encrypted on the Person document.<p>Password character
      restrictions</p><p>In addition to non-English characters, the following characters must not be
      included in passwords used by <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm>:</p><p><codeph>: \ } " "
       &amp;</codeph></p></li>
</ul> </section>
<section
id="QUIREMENTS_FOR_AUTHENTICATION_9252_MIDTOPIC_28692934429341163"> <title
class="- topic/title ">LDAP</title><p class="- topic/p ">If you have configured the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> server to operate
    with an LDAP directory on a third-party server, the authentication process uses the user names
    and passwords stored in the LDAP directory. It is not necessary to create Person documents
    containing separate user names and passwords in the <tm tmtype="reg">Domino</tm> Directory on
    the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> server.</p><?Pub
Caret 288?><p>Password character restrictions</p><p>In addition to non-English characters, the following characters must not be included in passwords
    used by <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm>:</p><p><codeph>:
\ } " " &amp;</codeph></p></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1381774246 55?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000013580?>
