<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="st_adm_security_useridauth_c" xml:lang="en-us">
<title class="- topic/title ">Using database ACLs for identification
and authentication</title>
<shortdesc>Identification and authentication is the process of determining
the name of a user and verifying that users are who they say they
are. You can use database Access Control Lists (ACLs) to control access
to individual databases on the server. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p class="- topic/p ">For each database on the server, you can set
the ACL to allow:</p>
<ul class="- topic/ul ">
<li class="- topic/li "> <xref class="- topic/xref "
href="st_adm_security_anonacl_c.dita">Anonymous access</xref> <p
class="- topic/p ">or</p> </li>
<li class="- topic/li "> <xref class="- topic/xref "
href="st_adm_security_basicpwdauth_c.dita">Basic password authentication</xref> </li>
</ul>
<p class="- topic/p ">The settings in the database ACLs work together with the "Maximum Internet
   name &amp; password" setting for each database to control the level of access that web browser
   users have to a database on the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> server.</p>
<section
id="TION_AND_AUTHENTICATION_289_ABOUT_MIDTOPIC_327800867229339394"> <title
class="- topic/title "> Using database ACLs</title><p class="- topic/p ">The
database ACL defines user access to the content of the database. Before
you set up basic password authentication or anonymous access to a
database, you should be familiar with how to add users to a database
ACL and the available settings within the ACL. For more information,
see:</p><ul class="- topic/ul ">
<li class="- topic/li "> <xref class="- topic/xref "
href="st_adm_security_viewacl_t.dita">Adding a name to a database
ACL</xref> </li>
<li class="- topic/li "> <xref class="- topic/xref "
href="st_adm_security_aclsetting_c.dita">Database ACL settings</xref> </li>
</ul> </section>
<section
id="TION_AND_AUTHENTICATION_289_ABOUT_MIDTOPIC_327800867229339395"> <title
class="- topic/title "> Maximum Internet name &amp; password setting</title><p
class="- topic/p ">The "Maximum Internet name &amp; password" setting
on the Advanced panel of each database ACL specifies the maximum level
of access to the database that is allowed for web browser clients.
This setting overrides individual levels set in the ACL. </p><p class="- topic/p ">Generally, administrators should not need to change the "Maximum Internet name
    &amp; password" settings for databases on the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> server. The default
    settings should function adequately in most cases.</p><?Pub
Caret 123?> </section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1261240971 2?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002893?>
