<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="st_adm_security_aboutsecurity_c" xml:lang="en-us">
<title class="- topic/title ">Basic password authentication and authentication
by token</title>
<shortdesc><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">HCL</tm>
  <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> uses two types of authentication -- basic password authentication
  and authentication by token.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section id="security_basic_password"> <title class="- topic/title "> Basic
password authentication</title><p class="- topic/p "><tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> uses basic password authentication to
    authenticate web browser connections and <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Connect Client
    connections. <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> uses the same Internet and intranet security
    features as a <tm tmtype="reg">Domino</tm> server to authenticate the web browser connections.
    These features include <tm tmtype="reg">Domino</tm> database Access Control Lists (ACLs) and
    security settings in the Server document of the <tm tmtype="reg">Domino</tm> server on which <tm
     tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> is installed.</p><p class="- topic/p ">The <tm tmtype="reg">Domino</tm> security features also allow you to configure
    databases for anonymous access. When a database is configured for anonymous access, the user is
    not authenticated when accessing the database.</p><p class="- topic/p ">The following
topics in this section discuss basic password authentication:</p><ul
class="- topic/ul ">
<li class="- topic/li "> <xref class="- topic/xref "
href="st_adm_security_userrequire_c.dita">User requirements for basic
password authentication</xref> </li>
<li class="- topic/li "> <xref class="- topic/xref "
href="st_adm_security_useridauth_c.dita">Using database ACLs for identification
and authentication</xref> </li>
<li class="- topic/li "> <xref class="- topic/xref "
href="st_adm_security_basicpwdauth_c.dita">Basic password authentication
and database ACLs</xref> </li>
<li class="- topic/li "> <xref class="- topic/xref "
href="st_adm_security_pwdauthinacl_t.dita">Setting up basic password
authentication in a database Access Control List (ACL)</xref> </li>
</ul> </section>
<section id="security_authBytoken"> <title class="- topic/title "> Authentication
by token</title><p class="- topic/p ">The <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">HCL</tm>
    <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Community Server uses authentication by token to authenticate
    connections that occur after a user has authenticated once using password authentication.
    Authentication by token removes the need for a user to re-enter authentication credentials when
    reconnecting to a server, accessing different servers, using <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
     >HCL</tm>
    <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> web clients, or <tm tmtype="reg">Domino</tm> applications that
    connect to an <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">HCL</tm>
    <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Community Server.</p><?Pub
Caret 350?><p class="- topic/p ">See the topic <xref
class="- topic/xref " href="st_adm_security_tokenauthen_c.dita">Authentication
by token</xref> for information about how to enable this feature.</p> </section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1384184246 20?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003688?>
