<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="st_adm_security_pwdauthinacl_t" xml:lang="en-us">
<title class="- topic/title ">Setting up basic password authentication
in a database Access Control List (ACL)</title>
<shortdesc>You can require users to specify a valid name and password when accessing a database on
  the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> server.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd><xref href="st_adm_webad_startadmtool_t.dita">Open the Administration Tool.</xref>
    </cmd>
   </step>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>LDAP Directory</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step><?Pub Caret 22?>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Access Control</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select a database from the list.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Advanced</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step>
        <cmd>Set the <uicontrol>Maximum Internet name &amp; password</uicontrol> access to Manager,
          which is the maximum access level.</cmd>
        <info>
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <uicontrol>Note</uicontrol> The <uicontrol>Maximum Internet name &amp;
              password</uicontrol> setting on the advanced panel of each database <xref
              class="- topic/xref " href="st_adm_security_aclsetting_c.dita">Access Control List
              (ACL)</xref> specifies the maximum database access level granted to web browser
            clients. This setting overrides higher individual access levels set in the ACL. For
            example, if you set the <uicontrol>Maximum Internet name &amp; password</uicontrol> to
            Author and assign Manager access to the Anonymous entry in the database ACL, anonymous
            users will only have Author access to the database. Alternatively, if you set the
              <uicontrol>Maximum Internet name &amp; password</uicontrol> to Manager and assign
            Reader access to the Anonymous entry in the database ACL, anonymous users will only have
            Reader access to the database. </p>
        </info>
      </step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Access</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the Anonymous entry, and then select <uicontrol>No
Access</uicontrol> in the Access box. If the Anonymous entry does
not exist, you must create it:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Type <userinput>Anonymous</userinput> in the dialog
box and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the Anonymous entry, and then select <uicontrol>No
Access</uicontrol> in the Access box.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select the Default entry. You can either set an access
level for the Default entry, or set the Default entry to <uicontrol>No
Access</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>If you specify an access level for the Default entry other
than <uicontrol>No Access</uicontrol>, all users are required to authenticate
when accessing the database. Each authenticated user receives the
access level you have specified for the Default entry. It is not necessary
to enter individual names or groups in the ACL. After selecting an
access level for the Default entry, click <uicontrol>Submit</uicontrol>.
You have finished the procedure required to set up basic password
authentication in a database ACL. Skip the remaining steps.</choice>
<choice>If you select <uicontrol>No Access</uicontrol> for the Default
entry, you must enter individual user names or group names in the
ACL. Only the names and groups you enter can access the database.
Complete steps 10 and 11 to add users to the ACL.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> to add user names or group
names to the ACL. Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> after adding each
name.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Submit</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1261240983 6?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004391?>
