<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="st_adm_security_usertypeacl_c" xml:lang="en-us">
<title class="- topic/title ">User type - ACL settings</title>
<shortdesc>When you add a user or group to an ACL, you specify a user
type for the entry in the ACL. A user type identifies whether a name
in the ACL is for a person, server, group, or other entity. You assign
a user type to a name to specify the type of ID required for accessing
the database with that name. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p class="- topic/p ">You can designate an entry in the ACL as any
of the following user types:</p>
<dl class="- topic/dl "><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry ">
<dt class="- topic/dt " id="N10015">Unspecified</dt>
<dd class="- topic/dd ">Select the Unspecified user type if you want to enable the name you are
     entering to access the database with any type of ID (Person, Server, or Group). The Default
     entry in an ACL is always assigned the Unspecified user type. IDs used to sign agents, such as
      <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Development and HCL <tm tmtype="reg">Notes</tm> Companion
     Products, are also assigned the Unspecified user type when entered in a database ACL. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry ">
<dt class="- topic/dt " id="N1001B">Person</dt>
<dd class="- topic/dd ">Select the Person user type if the name you are entering belongs to a user
     who has a Person document containing a user name and Internet password in the Directory on the
      <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> server or if the user has a Person entry in an LDAP directory
     on a third-party server. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry ">
<dt class="- topic/dt " id="N10021">Server </dt>
<dd class="- topic/dd ">Select the Server user type if the name you are entering belongs to another
     server in the <tm tmtype="reg">Domino</tm> domain. When multiple servers are installed in a <tm
      tmtype="reg">Domino</tm> environment, it might be necessary for a server to access data within
     the database or to replicate a database. Server names are frequently added to the pre-existing
     LocalDomainServers and OtherDomainServers server groups. The Server user type is generally used
     only if you have installed <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> in a <tm tmtype="reg">Domino</tm>
     environment. This user type performs the same function as it does on a <tm tmtype="reg"
      >Domino</tm> server. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry ">
<dt class="- topic/dt " id="N10027">Mixed Group</dt>
<dd class="- topic/dd ">Select the Mixed Group user type if the name
you are entering belongs to a group that consists of both Server and
Person names.  </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry ">
<dt class="- topic/dt " id="N1002D">Person Group </dt>
<dd class="- topic/dd ">Select the Person Group user type if you are
entering the name of a group that contains only people. You can enter
a group from the Directory on the Sametime server, or you can enter
a group stored in an LDAP directory on a third-party server in the
ACL of a database. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry ">
<dt class="- topic/dt " id="N10033">Server Group</dt>
<dd class="- topic/dd ">Select the Server Group user type if the name
you are entering belongs to a group that consists of only servers. </dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 299?>
</conbody>
<?tm 1261240973 12?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003739?>
