<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="st_adm_security_basicpwdauth_c" xml:lang="en-us">
<title class="- topic/title ">Basic password authentication and database
ACLs</title>
<shortdesc>You can set a database ACL to require basic password authentication. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p class="- topic/p ">Basic password authentication has the following
characteristics:</p>
<ul class="- topic/ul ">
<li class="- topic/li ">Users are identified or authenticated when
they access databases and applications on the server.</li>
<li class="- topic/li ">A web browser user must have a user name and
an Internet password stored in the user's Person document to access
databases. Only users with these credentials can access a database
that requires basic password authentication.</li>
<li class="- topic/li ">Data transmitted between the user and the <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm>
    server (including the name and password) is not encrypted.</li>
<li class="- topic/li ">Users are identified in the maintenance log
files.</li>
</ul>
<p class="- topic/p ">Basic password authentication identifies users, but it does not prevent
   unauthorized users from listening to network transmissions or gaining server access by guessing
   passwords. For information on using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to encrypt the data that passes
   over the web browser connection to the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">HCL</tm>
   <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> server, see <xref class="- topic/xref "
    href="st_adm_security_ssl_ov_t.dita">Configuring <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> to use SSL
    encryption</xref>.</p>
<section
id="ENTICATION_AND_DATABASE_ACLS_2576_MIDTOPIC_423531299229339599"> <title
class="- topic/title ">Using the Default entry or individual names
in database ACLs</title><p class="- topic/p ">When basic password
authentication is enabled for a database, browser clients are authenticated
when they attempt to open a database.</p><p class="- topic/p ">The <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> Community Server challenges the user to
    supply a valid name and password and then verifies that the user's response matches the
    information stored in the user's Person document in the <tm tmtype="reg">Domino</tm> Directory
    (or LDAP directory if you have configured <tm tmtype="reg">Sametime</tm> to operate with an LDAP
    directory). Authentication succeeds if the user name and password provided by the user matches
    the user name and password in the directory and one of the following conditions exists:</p><?Pub Caret 193?><ul
class="- topic/ul ">
<li class="- topic/li ">The user is listed individually or as a member
of a group in the database ACL. </li>
<li class="- topic/li ">The Anonymous entry is set to No Access while
an access level is specified for the Default entry in the ACL. Using
this method allows you to require users to authenticate but prevents
you from having to add individual entries for every user and group
in the ACL. </li>
</ul><p class="- topic/p ">When the Anonymous entry in the database
ACL is set to No Access, users are presented with a logon prompt when
they attempt to access the database. </p><p class="- topic/p ">Users must enter the user name and Internet password at the logon prompt.
                Users that are successfully authenticated are then provided with the access level
                that is specified for the Default entry in the database ACL.</p><p class="- topic/p ">If both the Anonymous entry and the
Default entry in the database ACL are set to No Access, a user must
be listed in the ACL individually or as part of a group to access
the database. Setting the Anonymous and Default entries to No Access
provides the strictest control over access to the database because
only users and groups that are listed in the ACL are allowed to access
the database.</p><p class="- topic/p ">An individual name receives
precedence over the Default entry. If a user's name is entered in
a database ACL and provided with an access level, the user receives
the access level assigned to the user name entry in the database.
Only users who are not listed individually in the database ACL receive
the Default access level.</p><note class="- topic/note " type="note">If
the Anonymous entry does not exist in the database ACL, the Default
entry in the ACL must be set to "No access" to require basic password
authentication to the database. When the Anonymous entry does not
exist in the database ACL, anonymous users can access the database
and receive the access level assigned to the Default entry in the
database. If the Anonymous entry exists in the ACL and is assigned
the "No access" access level, users are authenticated when accessing
the database and receive the access level specified for the Default
entry in the ACL.</note> </section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1382110861 7?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005190?>
