<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="st_adm_comm_prefloginlist_t" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the preferred login list</title>
  <shortdesc>By default, persistent chat enables a user that is logged in to multiple clients to
    receive instant messaging sessions across all clients concurrently. In an environment that does
    not support persistent chat and where the <xref href="st_adm_comm_singlelogintype_t.dita">single
      login type</xref> feature is disabled, Sametime uses a default login order to determine which
    client type should receive the instant messaging session. A preferred login list allows you to
    override the default order.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
  <context><p>By default, once persistent chat is disabled, the Sametime server depends on the default list of
        client types, each of which has a predefined weight. Login order for each user depends upon
        the login-type weight. The first login type, having minimal weight, is the one provided for
        the incoming instant messaging session.</p>
    <p>Default order of login types on Sametime: <ol>
      <li>Sametime connect clients</li>
      <li>Sametime mobile clients </li>
      <li>Sametime proxy clients </li>
    </ol></p>
    <p>The Sametime server is installed with a pre-defined list of client IDs for preferred login
        types. Use the below steps to customize this list and include Sametime clients as
        necessary.</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
        <cmd>As administrator, open a text editor on the Sametime server. </cmd>
      </step>
<step>
        <cmd>Open the <filepath>sametime.ini</filepath> file located in the Sametime server
          installation directory. The default directory in Windows is <filepath>C:\program
            files\HCL\domino</filepath>.</cmd>
      </step>
  <step>
        <cmd>In the Config section, specify the order of the login types that overrides the default
          order. If a user is logged in to multiple clients, offline messages are delivered to the
          client running the latest release, if available. If that release of the client is not
          available, offline messages are delivered to the client based on this default order. </cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock id="codeblock_aqs_dpq_3tb">VPS_PREFERRED_LOGIN_TYPES=login_type1, login_type2</codeblock>
        </info>
        <info>For example,
            <codeph>VPS_PREFERRED_LOGIN_TYPES=130C,130B,130A,1308,1306,1304,1436,1435,1434,1433,1432,1431,1430,14A3,14A2,14A1,14A0</codeph></info>
      </step>
  <step>
        <cmd>Save the <codeph>sametime.ini</codeph> file.</cmd>
      </step>
  <step>
    <cmd>Restart the Sametime server to allow the changes to take effect.</cmd>
  </step>
</steps>
</taskbody>

</task>
