<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_configure_virtual_k8s">
    <title>Adding default virtual backgrounds on Kubernetes</title>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_yfw_1l5_hvb">Ensure that all images are in JPG or GIF format.</prereq>
        <steps id="steps_jgm_21q_y5b">
            <step>
                <cmd>Copy the image files into the
                        <filepath>/usr/share/jitsi-meet/images/virtual-background/custom</filepath>
                    directory under the <filepath>web</filepath> pod and then restart the pod. </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>POD=$(kubectl get po --selector=name=web-0 | tail -1 | awk ' { print $1 } ')
kubectl cp &lt;filename.gif> $POD:/usr/share/jitsi-meet/images/virtual-background/custom/.
kubectl delete po $POD</codeblock>
                </info>
                <info>
                    <note id="note_tlm_3l5_hvb">Add the Namespace argument if Sametime is installed
                        in a Namespace.</note>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
    <task id="task_e31_gql_z5b">
        <title>Removing default virtual backgrounds on Kubernetes</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context>
                <p>Existing default background can be deleted from the global library.</p>
            </context>
            <steps id="steps_o2d_3ql_z5b">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Edit the <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> file in the directory where the
                        installation package was decompressed.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Add the following statement under the
                            <parmname>global.removeVirtualBackgrounds</parmname> variable specifying
                        the image name and then restart your pod.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_lgm_21q_y5b">global:
  removeVirtualBackgrounds=<i>&lt;background-N></i>,<i>&lt;background-N></i></codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info><i>N</i> is a number from 1 through 7.<note id="note_qg3_5nc_3vb">You are
                            not required to scale the backgrounds pod as these settings are global
                            to the web app and only add to or subtract away from the default set of
                            available "system" backgrounds. The backgrounds pod only deals with
                            individual user settings and what background a user has
                        selected.</note></info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
