<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_delete_ldap">
    <title>Deleting user IDs</title>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_yvv_b4b_nvb">Stop the Sametime server prior to running the Sametime
            database utility. Refer to <xref href="starting_and_stopping_servers.dita"/> for the
            steps.</prereq>
        <context id="context_awv_b4b_nvb">
            <p>To remove specified individual contact names from contact lists and privacy lists,
                follow these steps:</p>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_cwv_b4b_nvb">
            <step>
                <cmd>Using a text editor, create a CSV file for only one type of change. You cannot
                    mix name change types in the same CSV. Follow the syntax below. The file must be
                    saved in UTF-8 format.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock id="codeblock_dwv_b4b_nvb">Delete
uid</codeblock>
                </info>
                <info>For example,</info>
                <info>
                    <codeblock id="codeblock_jth_24b_nvb">DELETE
uid=John Deere,ou=sametime,dc=hcl,dc=com
uid=Marta Smith,ou=sametime,dc=hcl,dc=com
cn=portaladminid,o=example.com </codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Copy the CSV file into an accessible read or writable location.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Edit the .env file used to contain the environment variables. Follow the syntax
                    below.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock id="codeblock_ewv_b4b_nvb">MONGO_CONNECTION_URL=mongodb://sametimeUser:xxxxxxxx@192.168.1.1:27017/admin?authSource=admin&amp;authMechanism=SCRAM-SHA-256&amp;readPreference=primary&amp;directConnection=true&amp;ssl=false
USER_ID_CSV=/data/test_id.csv</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Run the command below manually on a stand-alone community server or on a server
                    in a cluster which replicates the change throughout the cluster. The CSV file is
                    mounted in the container for the application to access and process.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock id="codeblock_ub4_5nk_nvb">docker run -v &lt;path-to-data-directory>:&lt;path-to-data-directory>:rw --env-file default.env hclcr.io/st/sametime-db-utility</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq id="postreq_c1y_w33_nvb">Verify if the changes have been applied. For more
            information, refer to <xref href="t_verify_namechange.dita"/>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
