<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_docker_manage_meeting_policies">
    <title>Managing policies on Docker</title>
    <shortdesc>This section outlines the steps on how to manage policies in a Docker
        environment.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>You can manage your policies on Docker by modifying the following file. <ul
                    id="ol_b53_ksc_qtb">
                    <li><codeph>docker-compose.yaml</codeph></li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>To manage your policies on Docker, follow these steps:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Copy the applicable files out of the container.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock id="codeblock_wx2_xrc_qtb">docker cp &lt;container_name>:/local/notesdata/policies.user.xml .
docker cp &lt;container_name>:/local/notesdata/policies.server.xml .</codeblock>
                </info>
                <info>This step places the files in the current directory.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Locate and edit the policies as necessary. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the Community section of <codeph>docker-compose.yaml</codeph>, add a volume
                    reference. Below is an example. </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock id="codeblock_g4j_lmk_qtb">services:
    community:
      image: hclcr.io/st/chat-server:${BUILD_LEVEL}
      restart: ${RESTART_POLICY}
      env_file:
        - custom.env
        - debug.env
      environment:
        - JWT_SECRET_ENV=${JWT_APP_SECRET}
        - DOMINO_SERVER_HOST_ENV=domino
        - DOMINO_SERVER_NAME_ENV=CN\=domino\/O\=test
        - DOMINO_SERVER_DOMAIN_ENV=test
        - ST_BRANDING_INFO_ENV=standard
      volumes:
        - ./policies.user.xml:/local/notesdata/policies.user.xml
      networks:
        - sametime.test
      extra_hosts:
        - "stmobilev12:10.134.102.40"</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Restart the server to apply the changes.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
