<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="t_installing_deploy_st_kubernetes" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Deploying Sametime to Kubernetes cluster</title>
  <shortdesc><draft-comment author="debra.taylor">tagged not ready</draft-comment>This section
    provides information to deploy Sametime to the Kubernetes cluster.</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="context_zt4_mfk_mvb"/>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Deploy the helm chart.</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock>helm install sametime .</codeblock>
          <note>
            <ul id="ul_rg5_fyy_fnb">
              <li>The command assumes you are in the helm directory. The <codeph>.</codeph>
                represents current directory.</li>
              <li> Instead of <codeph>sametime</codeph> you can choose any descriptive name for the
                deployment. You can also deploy the application in a namespace through the
                  <codeph>-n or --namespace</codeph> option. First create the namespace via
                  <codeph>kubectl create namespace</codeph>.</li>
            </ul>
          </note>
        </info>
        <steptroubleshooting> If there are any errors, you must remove the installed product and fix
          the error before trying the installation again. To uninstall the product, run the
          following
          commands:<codeblock id="codeblock_or3_2j4_4tb"># helm uninstall sametime</codeblock><codeblock id="codeblock_gxk_fj4_4tb"># kubectl delete job sametime</codeblock><codeblock id="codeblock_shp_fj4_4tb"># kubectl delete clusterrolebinding sametime</codeblock><codeblock id="codeblock_rjr_fj4_4tb"># kubectl delete clusterrole sametime</codeblock><codeblock id="codeblock_dct_fj4_4tb"># kubectl delete serviceaccount sametime</codeblock></steptroubleshooting>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result id="result_ljy_j53_dvb"><draft-comment author="debra.taylor">remove below. Casey adding
        topic addressing websockets in high capacity</draft-comment>Sametime Meetings uses
      websockets for audio and video streams. If your network does not allow for, you might
      encounter issues when joining Meetings. For more information on how to diagnose if websockets
      are blocked, see <xref
        href="https://support.hcltechsw.com/csm?id=kb_article&amp;sysparm_article=KB0091088"
        scope="external" format="html">Sametime Meeting fails to load if WebSockets are
        blocked</xref>.</result>
    <postreq id="postreq_jgc_xmn_4tb">See <xref href="t_meetings_verify.dita" format="dita"
        scope="local">Verify the service</xref>.</postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003147?>
