<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="t_kubernetes_quickstart" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Kubernetes single node deployment</title>
<shortdesc><xref href="https://kubernetes.io/" format="html" scope="external">Kubernetes</xref> is
an open-source system for application deployment that is supported by all of the major cloud
vendors. It supports fixed scale on-premises deployments on virtual or bare metal and auto-scalable
deployments using virtual systems management solutions like VMWare vSphere.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>If Kubernetes is new to you, you can install a basic, non-production cluster on a RedHat
Enterprise Linux or CentOS box to become familiar with Kubernetes. The basic concepts that you learn
can be applied to the same cloud-scaled deployment. See the <xref
href="t_kubernotes_quickstart_steps.dita">Kubernetes QuickStart Deployment</xref> topic for details. </p>
<p>Another option for gaining experience before deploying a production environment is  <xref
href="https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-minikube/" format="html" scope="external"
>Minikube</xref>. Minikube lets you try out Kubernetes on a local Windows or Mac desktop to get some
experience before deploying in production.</p>
<p>Sametime Meetings is designed to allow users to communicate across remote systems, there can be
some networking hurdles to get past with Minikube. A workaround is to configure
<filepath>iptables</filepath> that forward packets from your host Windows or Mac system to the
internal Linux VM where the Minikube containers run.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
