<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="t_meetings_recordings" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Creating the persistent volume</title>
  <shortdesc>This section provides information to create the persistent volume.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
    
      <p>In previous releases of Sametime, only the recordings pod needed to access the persistent
      volume. In Sametime 12, workloads moved from virtual or physical machines into Kubernetes
      pods. There are more than one type of pod that requires access to storage in Sametime 12.
      Sametime requires an access mode called <term>read write many</term> or <term>RWX</term> which
      allow for more than one node to access the volume at a time.<dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Recordings</dt>
          <dd>Meeting recordings are stored as MP4 files in a <filepath>temp</filepath> directory on
            the meeting recorder nodes during the meeting. After the meeting, the recordings are
            moved to a persistent volume. Allocate a volume accessible to the Kubernetes cluster
            that is substantial enough to handle the expected number of meeting recordings assuming
            a rate of about 100M per 1 hour of meeting.</dd>
          <dd>By default, recordings persist for three days, so keep that in consideration as well
            when sizing the volume.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Backgrounds </dt>
          <dd>When users upload personal backgrounds to their meetings for use as a video
            background, these images are stored in the persistent volume. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Files</dt>
          <dd>When users upload files to chats in the chat clients or meeting, the files are stored
            in the persistent volume.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Branding</dt>
          <dd>When enabling custom meeting branding, the images used are stored in the persistent
            volume.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Reports</dt>
          <dd>Meeting reports are saved in the persistent volume.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl></p>
      <p>For additional information, see the <xref
        href="https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#access-modes"
        format="html" scope="external">Persistent Volumes</xref> topic in the Kubernetes
      documentation.</p>
    
  </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003147?>
