<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="t_meetings_prepare_network" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Preparing the network</title>
  <shortdesc>This section provides information on the network considerations needed to install Kubernetes.</shortdesc>
 <taskbody>
<context>
      <p><b>Network considerations</b></p>
      <p>Sametime Meetings uses UDP on port 30000 by default for media streams. Ensure that the
        clients you will service have UDP inbound access to this port and that outbound UDP traffic
        from the deployment is unrestricted.</p>
      <p>The Sametime Meeting server must be able to connect to MongoDB with a user account which
        has the authority to create databases. The database will be created during the
        installation.</p>
      <p>The Sametime Meeting server must be able to reach the Sametime server on the port used to
        service users (typically port 443). The meeting server requires the Sametime server to use a
        third-party certificate.</p>
      <!--<p>For more details on connectivity, see the topics: <xref href="topology.dita">Topology and Connectivity</xref> and <xref href="ports_sametime.dita">Ports used by Sametime</xref>.</p>-->
      <p><b>STUN Service</b></p>
      <p>Sametime Meetings use internet accessible STUN servers to help clients and the server
        negotiate media paths for the exchange of audio/video/appshare data. Public Google STUN
        servers are configured by default.</p>
      <p>These addresses must be reachable by the container. If they are not, there may be issues
        joining meetings.</p>
      <p>
        <codeblock>stun.l.google.com:19302
stun1.l.google.com:19302
stun2.l.google.com:19302</codeblock>
      </p>
      <p>To change the defult STUN server see, <xref href="configuring_stun.dita">Configuring
          alternate STUN servers</xref>. For further information on STUN, see the topic <xref
          href="session_traversal_utilities.dita">Session Traversal Utilities for NAT
        (STUN)</xref>.</p>
      <p><b>Ingress Controller</b></p>
      <p>Docker and Kubernetes uses internal private network addresses for the deployed services.
        Applications may also expose network ports directly on the node as well. Sametime Meetings
        defines a LoadBalancer service for the HTTP/HTTPS traffic and a NodePort service for the
        media traffic. To expose these services to the outside world, an ingress controller is
        required for the HTTP/HTTPS traffic and the IP address of the node must be accessible for
        the media traffic.</p>
      <p><b>DNS Considerations</b></p>
      <p>Your Kubernetes cluster must be able to resolve the supporting servers: MongoDB, Sametime
        Proxy and STUN. If DNS is unreliable or not able to resolve these hostnames to their IP
        addresses, complete the topic <xref href="t_meetings_kubernetes.dita">Configuring Host
          Aliases for Kubernetes deployments</xref>."</p>
    </context>
    <postreq id="postreq_y23_pwv_ktb">See <xref href="t_meetings_sametime_image_docker.dita"
        format="dita" scope="local"/>.</postreq>
 </taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003147?>
