<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_proxy_Safelinx">
    <title>Configuring Docker to use a proxy server for push messaging</title>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>When Sametime proxy interacts with mobile devices (phones, pads, watches, and cars),
                it sends notifications through push networks such as Apple's "APNS" and Google's
                "FCM." To send APNS or FCM messages through a proxy server in Docker, follow these
                steps:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Update the following values in your <filepath>custom.env</filepath> file.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul id="ul_g3b_24r_lvb">
                        <li><varname>STCONF_PUSH_PROXY_SERVER</varname>—Enter the fully qualified
                            domain name. For example, <codeph>push-proxy.company.com</codeph>.
                            Alternatively, you can enter the IP address of the push-proxy. For
                            example, <codeph>123.111.222.333</codeph>.</li>
                        <li><varname>STCONF_PUSH_PROXY_PORT</varname>—Enter the port of the of the
                            push-proxy. For example, <codeph>3128</codeph>.</li>
                        <li><varname>STCONF_PUSH_PROXY_USER</varname>—When necessary, enter the
                            functional ID of the account required to use the push proxy.</li>
                        <li><varname>STCONF_PUSH_PROXY_PASSWORD</varname>—When necessary, enter the
                            password of the functional ID for the account required to use the push
                            proxy.</li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
                <info>Ensure that the syntax for the .env file is followed, as shown in the example
                    below.<codeblock id="codeblock_n2y_5xr_lvb"><varname>STCONF_PUSH_PROXY_SERVER</varname>="push-proxy.company.com"
<varname>STCONF_PUSH_PROXY_PORT</varname>="3128"
STCONF_PUSH_PROXY_USER=""
<codeph>STCONF_PUSH_PROXY_PASSWORD</codeph>=""</codeblock></info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Run <cmdname>docker-compose up -d</cmdname> command to apply all changes.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
