<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_proxy_k8s">
    <title>Configuring Kubernetes to use a proxy server for push messaging</title>
    <taskbody>
        <context id="context_nby_zsr_lvb">
            <p>When Sametime proxy interacts with mobile devices (phones, pads, watches, and cars),
                it sends notifications through push networks such as Apple's "APNS" and Google's
                "FCM." To send APNS or FCM messages through a proxy server in Kubernetes, follow
                these steps:</p>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_oby_zsr_lvb">
            <step>
                <cmd>Update the following values in your <filepath>values.yaml</filepath>
                    file.</cmd>
                <info><ul id="ul_qby_zsr_lvb">
                        <li><varname>pushProxyServer: ""</varname>—Enter the fully qualified domain
                            name. For example, <codeph>push-proxy.company.com</codeph>.
                            Alternatively, you can enter the IP address of the push-proxy. For
                            example, <codeph>123.111.222.333</codeph>.</li>
                        <li><varname>pushProxyPort: "0"</varname>—Enter the port of the of the
                            push-proxy. For example, <codeph>3128</codeph>.</li>
                        <li><varname>pushProxyUser: ""</varname>—When necessary, enter the
                            functional ID of the account required to use the push proxy.</li>
                        <li><varname>pushProxyPasswordBase64: ""</varname>—When necessary, enter the
                            password of the functional ID for the account required to use the push
                            proxy. The value should the base64 encoded in your Kubernetes
                            environment. </li>
                    </ul>Ensure that the syntax for the YAML file is followed, as shown in the
                    example
                    below.<codeblock id="codeblock_gwj_g5r_lvb">pushProxyServer: "push-proxy.company.com"
pushProxyPort: "3128"
pushProxyUser: ""
pushProxyPasswordBase64: ""</codeblock></info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Restart the pod.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
