<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="t_quickstart" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title><b>Kubernetes QuickStart</b></title>
 <shortdesc><xref href="https://kubernetes.io/" format="html" scope="external">Kubernetes</xref> is
  an open-source system for application deployment that is supported by all of the major cloud
  vendors. There is also good support for fixed scale on-prem deployments on virtual or bare metal
  and even as auto-scalable deployments using virtual systems management solutions like VMWare
  vSphere.</shortdesc>
 <taskbody>
<context>
   <p>For those who have never used Kubernetes, the following document can help set up a basic,
    non-production cluster fairly quickly on a RedHat Enterprise Linux or CentOS box. A
    production-ready deployment of Kubernetes isn't really within the scope of this document, but
    the basics described here apply at least conceptually to the same deployment at cloud-scale.</p>
   <p>One option is to simply use <xref
     href="https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-minikube/" format="html" scope="external"
     >Minikube</xref> This can be done on your Windows/Mac desktop just to try out Kubernetes and
    get some experience before deploying at the production-level.</p>
   <p>
    <note>Minikube tests the application deployments locally. </note>
   </p>
 <p>As the goal of Sametime Meetings is to have users communicate together from remote systems,
    there can be some networking hurdles to get past with Minikube. One way to work-around that is
    with iptables to have packets forwarded from your host Mac/Windows system to the internal Linux
    VM where the minikube containers run.</p>
</context>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003147?>
