<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="topology" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Planning the network topology and connectivity</title>
    <shortdesc>This topic explains how Sametime components are connected and the default ports that
        are used. There are also example topologies to illustrate how Sametime can be deployed in
        different scenarios.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
        <p>The following are components within the Sametime topology. <ul id="ul_mv2_t5v_v5b">
                <li>Docker or Kubernetes</li>
                <li>Directory service</li>
                <li>Database</li>
                <li>Clients</li>
            </ul></p>
        <p>Clients are the interfaces used to connection with the Sametime server and product
            features. Each physical component communicates with the Sametime server using a specific
            port.  See <xref href="hcl_sametime_clients.dita" scope="peer" format="dita"/> for more
            information on clients.</p>
        <section id="section_i5j_rmt_v5b">
            <title>Directory services</title>
            <p>When choosing which LDAP directory to use, consider all the integrations with
                Sametime. It is important to understand how users authenticate with the server.
                Sametime can be integrated into many other HCL products such as HCL iNotes, Verse,
                Connections and Digital Experience.  It is important to understand how users
                authenticate with the server and use a common LDAP directory.</p>
            <p>Review the <xref href="ldap.dita" format="dita" scope="peer"> LDAP Planning</xref>
                section for additional information when choosing a directory.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_plw_cnt_v5b">
            <title>Single sign-on  (SSO)</title>
            <p>Sametime requires Single Sign On and issues a JWT token to the users upon log in. All
                users are authenticated against the Community service, where tokens are generated to
                be shared with the other microservices.</p>
            <p>As an optional configuration, Sametime supports LTPA Single Sign On as well as
                Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML). With LTPA SSO, the user is issued an LTPA
                token which can be shared with other services that support LTPA authentication such
                as HCL Domino, Verse, and
                Connections.<!--<draft-comment author="debra.taylor">When integrating with they need to share a common directory. </draft-comment>--></p>
            <p>With SAML, the initial authentication is done by an Identity Provider which validates
                the user’s identity with the Community service. The user is then provided a JWT
                token that is good for the duration of their session. For more information, see
                    <xref href="enabling_sso.dita" format="dita" scope="local"/>.</p>
        </section>
</conbody>
</concept>
