<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="troubleshooting_contact_support" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Working with HCL support</title>
    <shortdesc>HCL support is available to provide technical assistance with obtaining a solution to
        problems with Sametime.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>To request technical assistance, open a support case with HCL to work with a support
            engineer in resolving the problem.  See <xref
                href="https://support.hcltechsw.com/csm?id=kb_article&amp;sysparm_article=KB0010164"
                scope="external" format="html">How to open HCL Support case</xref> knowledge article
            for details.</p>
        <p>The support engineer needs to see the logs from the community pod. See the topic  <xref
                href="troubleshooting_kubernetes_logs.dita" scope="local" format="dita"
                />.<draft-comment author="debra.taylor">is there another term we can use instead of
                "community pod", pod is kubernetes. I think this should be a general topic. Can we
                use "Sametime server" log? The same for the linked topic, is there a Docker
                equivalent? </draft-comment></p>
        <p>When working with the support engineer the following information is helpful in
            understanding the problem. Having the following information before talking with the
            support engineer saves time and reduces multiple calls.<ul id="ul_fvg_frd_lvb">
                <li>Time and date the problem was reproduced</li>
                <li>Problem scope, such as are all users or only certain users impacted, does the
                    problem occur when performing specific task, and more</li>
                <li>Names of the user accounts involved. </li>
                <li>Steps to reproduce the problem</li>
                <li>Errors received by users</li>
            </ul></p>
        <p>You might be asked to share files with HCL support, see the  <xref
                href="https://support.hcltechsw.com/csm?id=kb_article&amp;sysparm_article=KB0010064"
                scope="external" format="html">HTTPS and SFTP upload and download
                instructions</xref> knowledge article for details.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
