<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="updating_sametime_servers" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Updating Sametime Community Server connection properties</title>
    <shortdesc>You can update connection setting information that the IBM速 Sametime速 System Console uses to connect to the Sametime Community Server.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>
    <p>Any changes that you make to the credential and connection information on the Connection Properties page does not change the actual settings on the Sametime Community Server. These settings are only used by the Sametime System Console to connect to the Sametime Community Server.</p>
    <p>If you are configuring the Sametime Community Server to use SSL (Secure Socket Layer), make
                sure the server's Domino速 CA certificate has been added to the Sametime System
                Console's truststore using the Integrated Solutions Console (<b>Security > SSL
                    certificate and key management > SSL configurations > CellDefaultSSLSettings >
                    Key stores and certificates > CellDefaultTrustStore > Signer certificates</b>).
                See the <xref
                    href="https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSAW57_8.5.5/as_ditamaps/was855_welcome_ndmp.html"
                    format="html" scope="external">WebSphere速 Application Server</xref> product
                documentation for more information on adding certificates to a truststore.</p>
    <p>Follow these steps to update connection setting information.</p></context>
<steps>
    <step>
        <cmd>Log in the Integrated Solutions Console.</cmd>
    </step>
    <step>
        <cmd>Click <b>Sametime System Console > Sametime Servers > Sametime Community Servers.</b></cmd>
    </step>
    <step>
        <cmd>In the Sametime Community Servers list, click Edit for the deployment name of the server with the connection information that you want to change.</cmd>
    </step>
    <step>
        <cmd>In the "Connection Properties" section, enter the administrator's User name and Password for connecting to the Sametime Community Server.</cmd>
    </step>
    <step>
        <cmd>Enter the <b>HTTP port</b> (typically 80) and <b>HTTPS port</b> (typically 443).</cmd>
    </step>
    <step>
        <cmd>By default, the Sametime Community Server trusts other Sametime components. If you want to change this setting, then select <uicontrol>Do not auto-accept SSL certificate</uicontrol>.</cmd>
    </step>
    <step>
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd>
    </step>
    <step>
        <cmd>If you enabled SSL, then you must restart the Sametime System Console for the changes to take effect.</cmd>
    </step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
