<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="contact_info_screen" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Contact Info Screen</title>
 <shortdesc>Tapping any contact in any group displays the Contact Info screen where the contact
  name, nickname, photo or default avatar, title, and awareness status display. Tapping the chat
  icon starts a chat with the contact.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>If the contact has provided a email or phone number, these also display. Tapping an email
   address launches the mail app or the HCL &lt;tm tmtype="reg"
   trademark="Sametime">Sametime&lt;/tm> app if it is installed. Tapping the phone number prompts
   you to dial the number if you are on a device capable of placing calls. </p>
  <p>Long pressing on an email address displays the iOS context menu for email addresses showing all
   the available options for an email address. These may include:</p>
  <ul>
   <li>New Mail Message</li>
   <li>Facetime Audio</li>
   <li>Facetime</li>
   <li>Send Message (using the Apple Messages app)</li>
   <li>Add to Contacts (Apple Contacts)</li>
   <li>Copy Email</li>
  </ul>
  <p>Long pressing on a phone number displays the iOS context menu for phone numbers showing all the
   available options for a phone number. These may include:</p>
  <ul>
   <li>Call</li>
   <li>Facetime Audio</li>
   <li>Facetime</li>
   <li>Send Message (using the Apple Messages app)</li>
   <li>Add to Contacts (Apple Contacts)</li>
   <li>Copy</li>
  </ul>
  <p>You may also assign a nickname to a contact from the Contact Info screen. Nicknames are visible
   throughout the app in the place of the user’s formal name.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
