<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="managing_device_settings" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Managing Device Settings</title>
 <shortdesc>Tap the <uicontrol>Menu</uicontrol> icon and then <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> to display the application settings. Your settings will be persisted at the server so they are maintained across installs and other mobile devices you may use.
</shortdesc>
<conbody>
 <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_idp_qmb_rhb">
  <title><b>Sametime Application Settings</b></title>
  <tgroup cols="2">
   <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
   <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
   <thead>
    <row>
     <entry>Option</entry>
     <entry>Description</entry>
    </row>
   </thead>
   <tbody>
    <row>
     <entry>Show Offline Contacts</entry>
     <entry>Set whether or not to show offline contacts in your contact list.</entry>
    </row>
    <row>
     <entry>Show Contact Photos</entry>
     <entry>Set whether or not to show the photos of people in your contact list. Photos will always be shown in the active chats view, at the top of the chat screen and on the Contact Info screen. If a photo is not available a default avatar will be used.</entry>
    </row>
    <row>
     <entry>Display System Message</entry>
     <entry>System messages are used inform the user of onetime events such as users entering and leaving group chats. This setting is off by default. Turn it on if you wish to see them displayed.</entry>
    </row>
    <row>
     <entry>Connect at Launch</entry>
     <entry>With this setting ON, once the app has been configured it will automatically login whenever the app is started from the application icon.</entry>
    </row>
    <row>
     <entry>Remain Online</entry>
     <entry>Set the length of time you want to remain online when you put the app in the background.</entry>
    </row>
   </tbody>
  </tgroup>
 </table>
</conbody>

<?tm 1364930070 2?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002132?>
