<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="configuring_connections" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Setting up a Community on an Apple device</title>
<?Pub Caret 3?>
 <shortdesc>You can configure and subsequently change the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Sametime">Sametime</tm> community connection information,
  but typically you use the connection information specified by your administrator. When you first
  start the app and do not configure any communities, welcome screen displays that prompt you to set
  up a community. If you already have one or more communities configured, starting the app brings
  you to the Login screen. If you want to manage existing communities or add a new community, tap
  the Community item on the login screen. This displays a list of your currently configured
  communities. From there you can swipe left to <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol>, swipe right to
   <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> or tap the plus icon to add a new community.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
  <context>
   <p><b>Adding a new community</b></p>
   <p>Selecting <uicontrol>Setup a Community</uicontrol> on the Welcome screen or tapping the
     <uicontrol>plus</uicontrol> icon on the Communities screen displays the Add Community
    Screen.</p>
  </context>
  <steps>
   <step>
    <cmd>For <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol>, enter a display name that you would like to use for this
     community.</cmd>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>For <uicontrol>Host Server</uicontrol>, enter the server host name.</cmd>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>For <uicontrol>Port</uicontrol>, enter the server port.</cmd>
    <info>
     <p>These are the minimum fields needed to configure a Sametime community. Tapping Validate
      attempts a connection to the server and determine if a user ID and password are required for
      authentication. If this is the case, a prompt display to enter your Sametime credentials. If
      your organization uses corporate credentials for Sametime, then you do not need to enter
      credentials with the community. Tap Save to return to the Login screen or the Communities
      screen.</p>
     <p>If the Validate step fails, you may need to provide additional configuration via Advanced
      Properties:</p>
     <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_cct_pby_rhb">
      <title>Advanced Properties</title>
      <tgroup cols="2">
       <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
       <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
       <thead>
        <row>
         <entry>Option</entry>
         <entry>Description</entry>
        </row>
       </thead>
       <tbody>
        <row>
         <entry>Secure Connection</entry>
         <entry>This property is <uicontrol>ON</uicontrol> by default. Switching it off could compromise the security of
          your data. If you are configuring for a test environment your administrator may require
          you to set this to OFF.</entry>
        </row>
        <row>
         <entry>Allow Self Signed Certificate</entry>
         <entry>This property is <uicontrol>OFF</uicontrol> by default. With it ON the identity of the community server
          cannot be verified. If you are configuring for a test environment your administrator may
          require you to set this to ON.</entry>
        </row>
        <row>
         <entry>Connection Type</entry>
         <entry>This property is typically set to <uicontrol>Direct Connection</uicontrol>. However,
          if your host server is behind a firewall, you may need to use an authenticating proxy.
          Selecting Authentication Proxy requires credentials used to authenticate with the proxy.
          Your administrator provides any needed details.</entry>
        </row>
       </tbody>
      </tgroup>
     </table>
     <p>When finish configuring advanced properties, tap <uicontrol>Back</uicontrol> to return to the <uicontrol>Add Community</uicontrol> screen where you can once again attempt to validate the configuration.</p>
     <note>Your system administrator may provide a link or a QR code which fills in some of the
      above values for you automatically. They may also add pre-configured communities to your
      community list.</note></info>
   </step>
  </steps>
 </taskbody>
</task>
