<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="audio_chatting_appledevice" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Audio chatting on your Apple device</title>
<shortdesc>You can initiate an audio chat with someone in your contact list on HCL Connections Chat
using your Apple device.</shortdesc>
<concept id="initiating_an_audiochat">
<title>Initiating an audio chat </title>
<conbody>
<p>To begin an audio chat with someone in your contacts list, press the audio chat icon from their
Person Card. They will receive a notification that you wish to begin an audio chat and either accept
or decline it. </p>
<p>If you want to initiate an audio chat using something other than your default calling method,
open the <uicontrol>Information</uicontrol> tab of the contact's Person Card. Select one of the
phone numbers listed in this view. A drop down menu will display, with the calling options that are
available to you. Tap the dialing option you wish to use. </p>
<note>If there is only one dialing option available, the call will immediately take initiate using
that option.</note>
</conbody>
</concept>
<concept id="participating_audiochat">
<title>Participating in an audio chat </title>
<conbody>
<p>Once an audio chat has begun, you and your chat partner will hear each other speaking through
your devices. The following options are available during an audio chat:</p>
<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_gly_n3c_rhb">
<title>Audio chat options</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Option</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Mute</entry>
<entry>Temporarily mutes your audio on the call.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Keypad</entry>
<entry>Open the device's keypad for entering information.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>End Call</entry>
<entry>End the audio chat.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</conbody>
<concept id="working_audio_chat_tab">
<title>Working with the Audio Chat tab </title>
<conbody>
<p>The Audio Chat tab on the left menu displays two panes of information. </p>
<p>The first pane is a list of recent audio chats, with the most recent listed at the top. The list
indicates with icons whether an audio chat was initiated by you, received by you, declined by you,
or if you have any missed calls. Tapping on any of the list items displays the Person Card of that
chat partner.</p>
<p>The second pane contains the dialing keypad. You can use the keypad to directly dial a number
using Connections Voice Chat or a third party dialer.</p>
<p><xref
href="c_using_sametime_unified_telephony_features_android_device.dita#sametime_unified_telephony_features"
/></p>
<p>HCL Connections Chat for iOS has the ability to place Sametime® Unified Telephony calls as well
as change where your incoming Sametime Unified Telephony calls are routed.</p>
<p><xref href="t_third_party_dialer_application.dita#third_party_dialer_applications"/></p>
<p>HCL Connections Chat for iOS has the ability to place calls using the Siemens OpenScape Mobile
client.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
</concept>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
