<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="create_custom_app" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Creating a custom app configuration profile</title>
 <shortdesc>HCL Sametime for iOS supports custom managed configuration which allows the EMM administrator to preconfigure many HCL Sametime for iOS settings and policies.</shortdesc>

<conbody>
 <p>Any setting defined using the EMM takes precedence over a similar setting or policy defined at
   the Sametime server. Setting custom app configuration will vary by EMM. All EMM providers support
   the concept of Apple managed configuration using custom keys and values. However, some EMM
   providers now support definition of these parameters using an app’s AppConfig XML definition file
   as defined by the <xref href="https://www.appconfig.org/" format="html" scope="external"
    >AppConfig Community</xref>.</p>
 <p>HCL Sametime for iOS provides the file HCL_Sametime_AppConfig.xml through the <xref
        href="https://support.hcltechsw.com/csm?id=kb_article&amp;sysparm_article=KB0078619"
        format="html" scope="external">EMM Configuration XML file for HCL Sametime for iOS</xref>
      support article which defines the supported configuration settings for this app.</p>
 <p>If your EMM supports an AppConfig.xml file, it is recommended to use this file over manually entering in managed configuration keys and values.</p>
 <p>Not all EMM providers support AppConfig.xml, and if your provider does not support this format yet, you can still enter in configuration keys and values separately.</p>
 <p>See the <xref href="c_create_ios_app.dita" format="dita">HCL Sametime iOS App Configuration
    Reference</xref> for a listing of keys and values supported by HCL Sametime for iOS.</p></conbody></concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>
