<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="c_instant_meetings">
    <title>Joining an instant meeting</title>
    <shortdesc>Anyone with the meeting link can join an instant meeting. Since instant meetings are
        unmoderated, any authenticated user can start the meeting. If you're signed in, you can find
        your existing instant meetings on the <wintitle>Recent</wintitle> tab. To generate a report,
        refer to <xref href="t_generate_report.dita"/>.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_hyd_ls3_wtb">You must secure the meeting link or name in order to join or
            access the meeting. The meeting link is in the following
            format.<codeblock id="codeblock_qk2_lrc_stb">https://meetings.customname.com/meeting/[meeting name]</codeblock></prereq>
        <context id="context_jwg_gct_stb">
            <p>To join an instant meeting through the meeting link, follow these steps:</p>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_b5g_xzb_d5b">
            <step>
                <cmd>In a web browser, go to the meeting link. </cmd>
                <info>Follow the instructions on how to configure and allow browser access to your
                    audio output, microphone, and camera.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Login</uicontrol>. Do one of the following:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul id="ol_nxk_kvw_d5b">
                        <li>Sign in to your account. For more information, refer to <xref
                                href="t_loggingin.dita"/>.</li>
                        <li>Select <uicontrol>Join as a guest</uicontrol>. Enter your display name,
                            and then select <uicontrol>Join as a guest</uicontrol>.</li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
                <info>
                    <note>For security reasons, Sametime requires all users to sign in as a guest or
                        authenticated user before joining. </note>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
    <task id="l1s_lwv_f5b">
        <title>Joining an instant meeting from the Meetings homepage</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context>
                <p>You can also join an instant meeting from the Meetings homepage. Simply follow
                    these steps:</p>
            </context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>In a web browser, go to the Meetings homepage.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Login</uicontrol>. Do one of the following:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <ul id="ol_nxk_kvw_d5b">
                            <li>Sign in to your account. For more information, refer to <xref
                                    href="t_loggingin.dita"/>.</li>
                            <li>Select <uicontrol>Join as a guest</uicontrol>. Enter your display
                                name, and then select <uicontrol>Join as a guest.</uicontrol></li>
                        </ul>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <note id="note_bc5_qp2_hvb">For security reasons, Sametime requires all
                            users to sign in as a guest or authenticated user before joining.
                        </note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>From the Meetings homepage, select <uicontrol>Get Started > Join an
                            existing meeting</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Enter the meeting name. Contact the moderator for the meeting details.
                    </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Join</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    <info>Follow the instructions on how to configure and allow browser access to
                        your audio output, microphone, and camera.</info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
