<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="managing_contacts" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Managing your Contacts</title>
 <shortdesc>Tap the <uicontrol>Menu</uicontrol> icon and then the <uicontrol>Contacts</uicontrol>
  item to display the Contacts screen. When you are online, by default only contacts that are also
  online are visible but this can be changed in settings. The contacts screen is a list of your
   <uicontrol>personal</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>public</uicontrol> groups. <uicontrol>Personal
   groups</uicontrol> are those that you create for organizing your own contacts. <uicontrol>Public
   groups</uicontrol> are those that have been created by an administrator and are already populated
  with contacts. You can create a hierarchy of groups and contacts under your personal groups, but
  public groups are static. They can be added as subgroups to personal groups, but you cannot add
  contacts or subgroups to a public group. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
 <p>As you navigate throughout your contacts hierarchy, each screen has a
    <uicontrol>plus</uicontrol> icon at the top. Tapping this icon displays a list of appropriate
   actions, that depends on which Contacts screen displays. Actions on the main Contacts screen are
   different than actions on a personal or public group screen. The table below describes the
   various actions. </p>
 <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_idp_qmb_rhb">
  <title><b>Contact Actions</b></title>
  <tgroup cols="2">
   <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
   <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
   <thead>
    <row>
     <entry>Option</entry>
     <entry>Description</entry>
    </row>
   </thead>
   <tbody>
    <row>
     <entry>Add Personal Group</entry>
     <entry>This action displays the <uicontrol>Add Personal Group</uicontrol> screen that prompts
       for the name of the new personal group. When you use the option from the main Contacts
       screen, you create the group, as a root group unless the subgroup switch is ON. In this case
       you must specify a parent group. When used from within a group, the new group is always
       created as a subgroup of that group. This action is not allowed within a public
       group.</entry>
    </row>
    <row>
     <entry>Add Public Group</entry>
     <entry>This action displays the <uicontrol>Add Public Group</uicontrol> screen that prompts to
       search for the name of a public group. As you start typing any local public groups display
       under the local results heading. After you enter at least three characters, the server
       searches for any public group matches with the results that display under the Directory
       Results heading. As you continue typing, the search results narrow. Once you find the group
       you are looking for, tap it to add it to main contacts list or as a subgroup of the group you
       are in. This action is not allowed within a public group.</entry>
    </row>
    <row>
     <entry>Add Contact</entry>
     <entry>This action displays the <uicontrol>Add Contact</uicontrol> screen that prompts to
       search for the name of a contact. As you start typing any local contacts in other groups
       display under the local results heading. After you enter at least three characters, the
       server searches for any public group matches with the results that display under the
       Directory Results heading. As you continue typing, the search results narrow.  Once you find
       the contact you are looking for, tap it to display the contact information so you can be sure
       you are adding the correct contact. If you add from the main contacts screen, you can specify
       the group to add the contact. If you add from within a group, you add the contact to the
       group you are in. This action is not allowed within a public group.</entry>
    </row>
    <row>
     <entry>Invite to Chat</entry>
     <entry>This action is only available from within a personal or public group. Tapping it
       displays the <uicontrol>Invite To Chat</uicontrol> screen where you can invite the online
       group members to a group chat. You also have the ability to assign a name, or topic, to the
       group chat.</entry>
    </row>
    <row>
     <entry>Send an Announcement</entry>
     <entry>This action is only available from within a personal or public group. Tapping it
       displays the <uicontrol>Announcement</uicontrol> screen. From here you can send a message to
       all the online members of the group. The announcement displays as a popup alert on the
       recipient’s client unless you set the Allow to Respond switch ON. In this case a chat opens
       on each of the recipient’s clients.</entry>
    </row>
    <row>
     <entry>Rename Group</entry>
     <entry>This action displays a dialog where you can enter the new name of the group. This action
       is not allowed within a public group.</entry>
    </row>
   </tbody>
  </tgroup>
 </table>
</conbody>


<?tm 1364930070 2?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002132?>
