<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="recording_management" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Recordings management - FAQ's</title>
  <shortdesc>When the user records a meeting, they can access the link from the meeting room in the
    meeting client, group chat and one-on-one chat in the webchat client, and meeting recording link
    from the email.  </shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>This topic has some frequently asked questions about the all-new meetings recordings
      management.</p>
    <p><i>Where will the meeting recording links be available?</i></p>
    <p>The meeting recording links will show only in the owner's recording list irrespective of
      whether he shared it or not. </p>
    <p><i>How can the meeting owner share a meeting recording? </i></p>
    <p>When the meeting owner stops the recording, a confirmation dialog box displays that will ask
      the owner to stop the recording or not. By default, the option to share the recording in the
      group chat is checked. The meeting owner can uncheck it based on their preference. This
      setting will remain the same for all the future recordings for that meeting room until the
      owner changes it in the next meeting. </p>
    <p><i>Will the meeting moderator get the option to share the recording?</i></p>
    <p>When a moderator stops recording a confirmation dialog displays with the option to share in
      disable state. The default meeting recording setting set by the owner for the meeting room
      will reflect here. </p>
    <p>If the meeting owner sets the option to share the recording, a single meeting recording link
      appears in the group chat. </p>
    <p><i>Can a guest user access the meeting link?</i></p>
    <p>No, if a guest user clicks on the meeting recording link, they cannot access it.</p>
    <p><i>Where can the authenticated users access the recording link from? </i></p>
    <p>The authenticated users can access the recording link from the meeting room in the meeting
      client, group chat and one-on-one chat in the webchat client, and meeting recording link from
      the email. </p>
    <p><i>What if the owner who starts the meeting leaves or disconnects from the meeting?</i></p>
    <p>The moderator on behalf of the owner can stop the recording. However, the moderator cannot
      change the default sharing option that is set by the owner. </p>
    <p><i>Does the recording stop when everyone leaves the meeting? </i></p>
    <p>Recording stops automatically when the last person leaves the meeting. Based on the default
      sharing option set by the owner, the recording link will either be shared or not shared with
      all authenticated meeting attendees. </p>
    <p><i>What if someone forgets to leave the meeting?</i></p>
    <p>The recording automatically stops when there is a silence of 10 mins. Based on the default
      sharing option set by the owner, the recording link will either be shared or not shared with
      all authenticated meeting attendees. </p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001020?>


