<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="changing_onlinestatus" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Changing your Online Status</title>
<?Pub Caret 3?>
 <shortdesc>Your online status includes your availability status and message. Both are displayed at the top of the application menu. Tap your current status to make changes. Other Sametime users who are logged in can see your online status.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>To change your online status message:</p>
</context>
<steps>
 <step>
  <cmd>Tap on the menu icon.</cmd>
 </step>
 <step>
  <cmd>Tap your current availability status at the top of the menu to display the status message screen.</cmd>
 </step>
 <step><cmd>Change your status to one of the following options:</cmd>
  <info><ul>
   <li>Available.</li>
   <li>Away.</li>
   <li>In a meeting.</li>
   <li>Do not disturb.</li>
  </ul>
   <p><note>You can customize the messages displayed for any selected status option. </note></p></info>
  </step>
</steps>
 <example><p>
  For example, if you choose "Away", you might customize the message to say, "At a doctor's appointment." You can also add or remove messages for any status option. Use one of the following methods to customize the message for the option chosen or to modify the list of messages.</p></example>
 <postreq>To display the list of messages for the selected status option, select the current message under the Custom Status Messages section.
  <ul>
   <li>To use an existing message, choose one of the available messages.</li>
   <li>To add a new message, choose the <uicontrol>New status message</uicontrol> row, then type the new message and select Save.</li>
   <li>To remove a message, press <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> and select which message to remove.</li>
  </ul></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
