<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_create_moderated">
    <title>Creating a new meeting</title>
    <shortdesc>Because meetings are configurable, user access and capability vary depending on how
        the meeting is created. Some moderated meetings are configured to restrict guest access.
        This topic covers the basic steps on how to create a new meeting. To learn how to manage
        your meetings, refer to the <xref href="participant_list.dita"/> section. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_hr4_ph5_q5b">This feature is available to authenticated users only. For
            more information, refer to <xref href="t_loggingin.dita"/>.</prereq>
        <context>
            <p>To create a new meeting, follow these steps:</p>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_nph_zwc_stb">
            <step>
                <cmd>From the Meetings homepage, select <uicontrol>Get Started</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Create a new meeting</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter a name for the meeting.</cmd>
                <info>Meeting names must be unique at the server level.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select a meeting mode. </cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>
                        <note id="note_gpy_3qy_5tb">Server administrators can set any of the three
                            modes as default. Contact your administrator regarding
                            configuration.</note>
                    </p>
                </info>
                <choices id="choices_oph_zwc_stb">
                    <choice><uicontrol>Collaboration</uicontrol>—By default, the meeting is
                        accessible to anyone with the meeting link. Unless the
                            <uicontrol>Moderated</uicontrol> box is selected, any authenticated user
                        can start the meeting. Otherwise, only the meeting owner or moderators can
                        start the meeting. Un-select the <uicontrol>Allow guests</uicontrol> box to
                        make the meeting exclusive to authenticated users. </choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Confidential</uicontrol>—The meeting is restricted to a
                        designated set of authenticated users. Select <uicontrol>Manage
                            members</uicontrol> and manually add the participants that can access
                        the meeting. Otherwise, leave the list empty and share the meeting name or
                        link to all intended users. In the latter scenario, <i>the waiting room must
                            be enabled</i> and you have to manually admit the participants in to the
                        meeting, deciding whether these users have one-time access or are added to
                        the member list for future meeting instances. <p>By default, the waiting
                            room is enabled. Un-select the <uicontrol>Waiting room</uicontrol> box
                            to disable the waiting room. If guest access is allowed, then <i>the
                                waiting room must be enabled</i> to create the room. Select the
                                <uicontrol>Members can bypass</uicontrol> radio button to allow the
                            members added to the <uicontrol>Manage members</uicontrol> list to skip
                            the lobby and go straight to the meeting room.</p>Lastly, all
                        participants are required to enter the password to access the meeting. </choice>
                    <choice><uicontrol>Lecture</uicontrol>—Moderated meeting is mandatory for this
                        mode. Although the meeting participants are in listen-only mode, moderators
                        can give them speaker access so they can participate in the discussion. This
                        choice is suited for presentations-type meetings. <p>By default,
                                <uicontrol>Conference dial-in</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Allow
                                guests</uicontrol> are enabled and anyone with the meeting details
                            can join. Disable guest access to allow only authenticated users with
                            the meeting details to join the conference.</p></choice>
                </choices>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select meeting settings. Settings vary based on the meeting mode that you have
                    selected.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <parml id="parml_pph_zwc_stb">
                        <plentry>
                            <pt>Conference dial-in</pt>
                            <pd>When enabled, anyone with the meeting details can join. </pd>
                        </plentry>
                        <plentry>
                            <pt>Meeting password</pt>
                            <pd>When enabled, all participants, including moderators and owners, are
                                required to enter a password to join the meeting. Enter the meeting
                                password in the text box. Passwords must be at least eight
                                characters. Be sure to store the password for later reference as it
                                is not visible from the configuration page. <note
                                    id="note_vtw_w5x_5tb">This is a required setting for
                                    confidential-mode meetings. Once a password is set, an option to
                                        <uicontrol>Change Password</uicontrol> becomes available.
                                </note></pd>
                        </plentry>
                        <plentry>
                            <pt>Member access</pt>
                            <pd>
                                <parml id="parml_rph_zwc_stb">
                                    <plentry>
                                        <pt>Allow guests</pt>
                                        <pd>When enabled, guests or people outside of the
                                            organization can join the meeting.</pd>
                                    </plentry>
                                    <plentry>
                                        <pt>Manage members</pt>
                                        <pd>This setting is enabled when the moderated option is
                                            selected. The <uicontrol>Manage members</uicontrol>
                                            feature allows meeting owners to add moderators to the
                                            meeting. </pd>
                                    </plentry>
                                    <plentry>
                                        <pt>Moderated</pt>
                                        <pd>Only moderators or meeting owners can start the meeting.
                                            When enabled, moderators can also control the other
                                            aspects of the meeting such as who can present. For more
                                            information, refer to <xref
                                                href="meetings_moderated_management.dita"/>.</pd>
                                    </plentry>
                                    <plentry>
                                        <pt>Restricted</pt>
                                        <pd>Moderators can define which participants have access to
                                            the meeting.</pd>
                                    </plentry>
                                </parml>
                            </pd>
                        </plentry>
                        <plentry>
                            <pt>Waiting room</pt>
                            <pd>When enabled, moderators can control when a participant joins a
                                meeting. The waiting room feature requires participants to remain in
                                a waiting area before they are admitted in to the meeting.</pd>
                            <pd>Moderators can allow authenticated users to bypass the waiting room
                                and go directly in to the meeting.</pd>
                        </plentry>
                    </parml>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Start</uicontrol> to begin the meeting. Selecting
                        <uicontrol>Start</uicontrol> automatically saves the meeting in the
                        <uicontrol>My Meetings </uicontrol>list and redirects the owner to an active
                    meeting room. You can also select<uicontrol> Save and Copy meeting
                        link</uicontrol> to save the meeting in the <uicontrol>My
                        Meetings</uicontrol> list and then share the meeting link to all intended
                    participants.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
